Label	Question	Meta	Answer	URL	View	Category	Subcategory	Subcat 1	Subcat 2	Subcat 3	Subcat 4	Subcat 5	Subcat 6	Subcat 7	Subcat 8	Subcat 9	Last Edited	Editing User
																		
contactzaweb			&url:http://avios.faq-help.com/gb/en_gb/resources/contactus_za_nochat.html		ZAWEB	Synthetix	Contact										23/08/2013	George
contactgbweb		"contact, opening, telephone, email, post, address, speak, call, phone, helpline, sales, customer service, help, support, chat, webchat, mail, mailing, communication, marketing, agent, number, "	&url:http://avios.faq-help.com/resources/contactus_new.html		GBWEB	Synthetix	Contact										12/12/2013	
contactgbmob		"call, phone, email, address, telephone, number"	"Contact UsBy PhoneTo speak to someone, just call us on: 0844 49 333 93*.We are open:Monday to Friday: 8am - 8pmSaturday: 9am - 5pmSunday: 10am - 4pmNot in the UK? Call 00 44 1925 848 693.Please note: calls may be recorded for training purposes.Calls cost 5.2p per minute plus a 13.1p one off connection charge from BT unlimited weekend plan. Mobile and other providers may vary.*If you complete a booking by phone which could have been made online you may incur additional booking fees.By PostAVIOS, PO Box 90, Birchwood, Warrington, WA3 7WE "		GBMOB	Synthetix	Contact										31/03/2014	George
contactmob		"contact, opening, telephone, email, post, address, speak, call, phone, helpline"	"Contact UsBy PhoneTo speak to someone, just call us on: 0844 49 333 93*.We are open:Monday to Friday: 8am - 8pmSaturday: 9am - 5pmSunday: 10am - 4pmNot in the UK? Call 00 44 1925 848 693.Please note: calls may be recorded for training purposes.Calls cost 5.2p per minute plus a13.1p one off connection charge from BT unlimited weekend plan. Mobile and other providers may vary.* If you complete a booking by phone which could have been made online you may incur additional booking fees.By PostAVIOS, PO Box 90, Birchwood, Warrington, WA3 7WE"		GBMOB	Synthetix	Contact										31/03/2014	George
contactzamob		"contact, opening, telephone, email, post, address, speak, call, phone, "	"Contact UsBy PhoneTo speak to someone, just call us on 0860-0-28467.We are open: Monday to Friday: 8am - 6.30pm. Saturday, Sunday and bank holidays: 9am - 1pm.Not in South Africa? Call us on 0027 (0) 10 241 1369.Please note: calls may be recorded for training purposes.Callers pay for the local portion of the ShareCall 0860 call at normal Telkom local call (0-50km) rates. The standard Telkom rate for a local call is 42c per minute during Standard Time (Mon - Fri 07.00 - 19.00) and 21c per minute during CallMore Time (Mon - Fri 19.00 - 07.00 and Fri - Mon 19.00 - 07.00), with a minimum charge of 57c per call (excludes calls from cell phones and other licensed operators).For calls made beyond the local call radius of 50km, the caller still pays the local rate, while Avios will be liable for the ShareCall 0860 long distance rate, less the minimum charge for calls terminating on the Telkom network, which is 57c, to a minimum of 0c per call."		ZAMOB	Synthetix	Contact										04/10/2013	
intro			Welcome to the Avios FAQs toolType your question above and click on one of the drop down questions or Go to get your answer.			Synthetix	Intro										16/08/2013	George
introzaweb			Welcome to the Avios FAQs toolType your question above and click on one of the drop down questions or Go to get your answer.		ZAWEB	Synthetix	Intro										16/08/2013	George
introzamob			Type your question above or click on one of the suggested questions below to get your answer.		ZAMOB	Synthetix	Intro										16/08/2013	George
introgbmob			Type your question above or click on one of the suggested questions below to get your answer.		GBMOB	Synthetix	Intro										16/08/2013	George
introgbweb			Welcome to the Avios FAQs toolType your question above and click on one of the drop down questions or Go to get your answer.		GBWEB	Synthetix	Intro										16/08/2013	George
contact			&url:http://avios.faq-help.com/resources/contactus_new.html			Synthetix	Contact										16/08/2013	George
qed064	How do I contact Avios?	"hello, hi, talk, contact, phone, telephone, speak, web chat, chat, ring, call"	"Contact Us By PhoneTo speak to someone, just call us on: 0844 49 333 99*.We are open:Monday to Friday: 8am - 8pmSaturday: 9am - 5pmSunday: 10am - 4pmNot in the UK? Call 00 44 1925 848 693.Please note: calls may be recorded for training purposes. Calls cost 7p per minute, plus your phone company's access charge. Mobile and other providers may vary.*If you complete a booking by phone which could have been made online you may incur additional booking fees.By PostAVIOS, PO Box 90, Birchwood, Warrington, WA3 7WE"		GBMOB	Synthetix	Contact										06/10/2015	Alicia Price
bg220	How do I update my account details?	mail address postal post change amend amendment alter telephone phone number email date change add	"You can update your address, email address and telephone number on our website by logging in to your account and then clicking 'Update my details'.If you've changed your name, please send us your new details, including your Avios membership number, your address and one of the following as proof of your name change: marriage certificate, deed poll or decree absolute (scanned or photocopied documents are accepted).Please send them by email to help@avios.com If you'd like to chat with us about your Avios account, click here to Live Chat with one of our agents. We're open 7 days a week, from 8am - 8pm Monday to Friday, 9am - 5pm Saturday and 10am - 4pm Sunday.To protect your data, we do not pass your change of details to Avios partners. If you're collecting Avios, e.g. with Lloyds TSB or Tesco, please give them your new details directly."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	My Account										08/07/2015	Emma Simpson
bg215	How do I create a Household account?	combine family joint merge house husband wife share house accounts spouse	It's easy to create a household account - just follow the steps below: - Log-in to your account- Hold your mouse over the 'My Account' tab- Click on 'Create Household Account'- Follow the steps on screenAll members wanting to join your household Account will need to live at the same address.  Please note; only members who hold individual accounts with us and aren't part of a household account can use the Combine my Avios tool to transfer Avios to a British Airways Executive Club or Iberia Club account. 		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	Household Account										14/01/2014	
qed031	Why does the Combine My Avios option not appear on my account?	"transfer, CMA, "	"If you are part of a household account, it's not possible to combine Avios. Therefore the combine Avios option will not appear. Before combining your Avios you'll need to split your household account and revert back to individual memberships.You can download a form to split your household account online. To do this log into your account online, hover over 'My Account' and click on 'Create Household account', click on Remove a Member or Close your household account at the bottom of the screen. A form will then be downloaded, once you have completed the form you can send it to us by emailing - help@avios.comIf you do not have a household account and the link still does not appear, it may be that your date of birth is missing from your account or that some of the details we hold for you don't match those on your Executive Club or Iberia account. Click here to speak to us via our Live Chat service and we'll be happy to help. We're open 7 days a week, from 8am - 8pm Monday to Friday, 9am - 5pm Saturday and 10am - 4pm Sunday. If you prefer, you can also contact us by phone on 0344 49 33 49."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	Transfer Avios										08/07/2015	Emma Simpson
za122	Can I transfer the Avios in my Iberia Plus and Avios accounts?	"merge, move"	"You can transfer Avios from a Iberia Plus account to an Avios account in your name. This won't happen automatically, but you can do it yourself.Just log in and hover over the 'My Accounts' tab, Under 'Your Accounts', click on 'Combine My Avios' and follow the steps (please note that the combine my Avios tool isn't currently available on a mobile). You can do it as many times as you wantYou can move them back againYou can use the Avios straight awayYou will only be able to transfer the Avios if your Iberia account has been open for more than 3 months and all the details in the accounts match. These details would be your name, address, date of birth and email address. "		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	Merge Account										18/09/2014	Emma Simpson
qed266	What can I do with my Avios Card?		At the moment you can only use your card to collect on British Airways and Iberia flights. You can find your membership number easily by keeping your card in your wallet. And we're working on new ways to use your card to collect in the future - so make sure you're signed up for our emails to get our latest news.		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	Avios Card										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg4	How do I close my Avios account?	"closing, terminate, unsubscribe, terminating, cancel delete, discontinue, resig"	"You can do this by contacting us via Live Chat, email or telephone.You will need to give us your membership number or full name and address to allow us to find your account."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	My Account										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed304	Why is my postcode not recognised?		"Avios Travel Rewards Programme currently runs schemes for UK and South African residents. Please ensure that you're using the correct website for the scheme you wish to join.If you live in South Africa, you can join us at www.avios.com/southafricaIf you live in the UK, you can join us at www.avios.com/uk"		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	My Account										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg3	Can I change my address if I'm moving overseas?	move emigrate emigrating	"If you're moving abroad, but intend on coming back to the United Kingdom and using your Avios account again, we can put a mail stop on your account. However, you'll still only be able to collect Avios if you're resident in the United Kingdom."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	My Account										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed320	Can I have more than one Avios card?	extra another	"We encourage anyone wishing to collect Avios to create their own account and use their own membership card. To collect on flights, the name on your membership card must match that on your flight, so each person wishing to collect Avios will need their own account and personal Member ID.If you've picked up an extra card from a BP garage, you can link this to your existing account by following the activation instructions on the sticker attached to the front of your card. If you need any help in activating your membership card, please click here to open our Contact Us page and see all the ways you can get in touch with us.If you've received a second membership card in the post that you weren't expecting, with a different membership number, please contact us so we can ensure your accounts are merged."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	Avios Card										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed058	What is my membership number?	account member ID collector memberID	"Your Avios membership (account) number is 16 digits long and starts 308147.Your Avios Member ID (used to collect Avios on British Airways and Iberia flights) is digits 7-15.If you don't know yours, you can:Log in to your account online - your number is on the 'My Account' pageCheck emails or letters from us - we usually include your membership number on theseCheck your Avios Card (if you have one)Click here to open a Live Chat with an agentContact us by telephone, email or postWe're open Monday - Friday 8am - 8pm, Saturday 9am - 5pm; and Sunday 10am - 4pm."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	My Account										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
za15	How do I update my account if I've changed my name?		"Please send us your new details, including your Avios membership number, your address and one of the following as proof of your name change: marriage certificate, deed poll or decree absolute (scanned or photocopied documents are accepted). Please send them by email to help@avios.com"		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	My Account										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg216	How do I add another account to my existing Household account?	family addition house additional	"You'll need to download our form and post it to us or you can also scan and email it back to us at help@avios.comLog in to our website, go to 'My Account tab', then select 'Create household account' and then 'Add a member to an existing Household account'."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	Household Account										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg245	How do I put someone else in charge of my account?	"ominee, nomination, nominate, attorney"	"If a Household account is not suitable (e.g. you have a Power of Attorney in place, or you don't have a suitable person at the same address as you), we have a 'nominee' facility available. Please call us on 0344 49 33 49 or email help@avios.com for a copy of our form (we cannot accept photocopies or faxed forms)."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	My Account										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed029	"How do I transfer Avios to my British Airways Executive Club or Iberia Plus account, if I have a household account?"		"It is not possible to combine Avios if you are part of a household account. Before combining your Avios you will need to split your household account and revert back to individual memberships. To do this  download the 'Close household account' form, fill it out and ensure all members sign it before returning it to us at the address printed on the form. You may also scan and email the form back to us at help@avios.com.If you're unable to download the form or if you have any questions, please contact us and we will forward you a copy for all members of the household to sign, which will then allow you to split your account."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	Transfer Avios										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg221	How can I check my account balance?	"statement, statements, history, view, miles, points, many, transaction, collect, collected, balance, total, avios, activity, accounts"	"You can check your Avios balance and your last 12 months' transactions whenever you want. Just log in to your account and then click on 'My account' to view your up-to-date balance.  If you haven't done so already, you can set up your username and password on our website here."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	My Account										23/01/2014	
qed287	Can I collect Avios in more than one place and have them go into the same account?	multi multiple	"Yes. Your Avios should end up in the same account, as each partner will use the existing information they have for you and add this to your existing Avios account. If you have more than one Avios account in the same name, please contact us and we'll merge the accounts for you.(Please note, you can only merge your accounts if the name on the two accounts match exactly)."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	Merge Account										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
za115	"I'm not an Avios member, how do I join?"	membership conditions age terms joining start begi	"Just go to the 'My Account' tab on our website and click 'Join Avios' to create your account. Once you have collected one Avios, we'll send you a welcome letter along with your membership card. To see all the ways that you can collect Avios with us, visit our collection pages by clicking here. To become a member you must be a South African resident and at least 18 years of age. Read the full terms and conditions by clicking here.  "		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	Avios Card										26/11/2014	Emma Simpson
qed305	Why can't I combine my Avios?	"combine, transfer, BA, exec, executive, link error, CMA"	"To combine your Avios, all the details on your British Airways and Avios accounts must match and you must have an individual account with us (not a household account). These details would be your name, address, date of birth and your email address. If the 'Combine my Avios' link does not appear, it may be that your date of birth is missing from your account, or you may be part of a household account.Please contact us and we'll be happy to help.Combine my Avios tool isn't currently available on mobile devices. Please note: Moving Avios between your accounts doesn't count as collection and therefore won't affect whether you're eligible for the Reward Flight Saver. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	Merge Account										26/09/2014	Emma Simpson
za108	How do my Avios get to my account?		"This differs depending on who you are collecting Avios with:Any Avios collected on your Avios Credit card are automatically added to your Avios account within 8 weeks.With Pick n Pay you need to switch your smartshopper points for Avios. Avios are then added to your account within 30 days.With BP, swipe your Avios card when you pay and Avios will be added to your account within 30 days. To see all the ways to collect with Avios go to the Collect tab on our website."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	My Account										19/11/2013	Alicia Price
bg218	Can I merge my UK Avios accounts?	"combining, combine, merging, group, grouping"	"If you have more than one Avios account in your name under the Avios UK scheme, you can merge them. The accounts must be held in identical names and titles and be registered to identical addresses. To merge your accounts, click here to chat with us via our Live Chat service. We're open 7 days a week, from 8am - 8pm weekdays, 9am - 5pm Saturdays and 10am - 4pm Sundays. If you'd prefer to contact us another way, please click here to see all the ways to get in touch. If the accounts are registered to different people who live at the same address, you can combine the balances by creating a household account. To do this log into your account, hover over 'My account' and click 'Create household account'. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	Merge Account										26/03/2015	Alicia Price
bg125	"My Avios haven't appeared on my account, what should I do?"	"missing, lost, not had, receive, received, long, missing avios, retrospective"	"If you're missing Avios, please use the Missing Avios tool. If you'd like to chat with us about your Avios account, click here to Live Chat with one of our agents. We're open 7 days a week, from 8am - 8pm Monday to Friday, 9am - 5pm Saturday and 10am - 4pm Sunday. Alternatively, any queries relating to the award of Avios should be addressed to Avios Group (AGL) Ltd as set out under the Terms and Conditions. Click here to see all the ways to get in touch. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	Missing Avios										26/03/2015	Alicia Price
qed006	Can I get another Avios Card for my Household Account?	"membership, joint, family"	Avios cards are no longer available and are not required to collect or spend Avios.		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	Avios Card										20/04/2016	Daniel Patterson
qed008	Why don't I have an Avios Card?	membershipcard membership	We do not offer an Avios card to new members and a card is not required to collect or spend Avios. You can still find your membership number in your account or on any email we've sent you.		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	Avios Card										20/04/2016	Daniel Patterson
qed010	"I'm not an Avios member, how do I join?"	"rejoin, new membership, age, 18, terms conditions become joining"	Click here to Join Avios to create your account.Once you have created your account you will be given a membership number that you can use to start collecting straight away.If you already have a membership number but have never set up an account online you can set up your online account here.To become a member you must be a resident of the United Kingdom and at least 18 years of age.We do not offer an Avios card to new members and a card is not required to collect or spend Avios.		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	Avios Card										20/04/2016	Daniel Patterson
qed012	"I'm an Iberia Plus member, do I need to join Avios?"		"Iberia Plus operate their own frequent flyer scheme that rewards its members with the Avios currency. Iberia Plus is a separate Avios scheme, so you do not need to join our scheme to collect or spend Avios with an Iberia Plus account. For any information relating to your Iberia Plus account, please contact them directly. If you're a UK resident and would like to join the Avios Travel Rewards Programme as well, you can click the Join Now button at www.avios.com to create your account. You can then start collecting with our collection partners too.  Your account with us will be separate to your Iberia Plus account, but you'll be able to merge or transfer your Avios balance between the schemes using our Combine my Avios tool. "		GBMOB	Account Information	Avios Card										20/04/2016	Daniel Patterson
qed018	How do I use my card to collect Avios?	ear	We no longer issue Avios cards and an Avios card is no longer required to collect or spend Avios.		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	Avios Card										20/04/2016	Daniel Patterson
za12	What is my membership number?	"member, ID, account, 308147"	"Your Avios membership (account) number is 16 digits long and starts 308147. Your Avios Member ID (used to collect Avios on British Airways and Iberia flights) is digits 7-15. If you don't know yours, you could: Log in to your account online - your number is on the My Account page.Check emails or letters from us - we usually include your membership number on these.Give us a call on 0214 277 555. We're open Monday to Friday: 8am - 6.30pm. Saturday, Sunday and bank holidays: 9am - 1pm."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	Avios Card										24/02/2016	Alicia Price
za118	Where are the Avios I collected using my Avios Card?	missing lost	"If you are missing Avios, please use the Missing Avios tool. Here you can check how long it takes for your Avios to be added to your account, depending on where you're collecting. Please allow the relevant amount of time before claiming your missing Avios."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	Avios Card										03/04/2014	Emma Simpson
za10	How do I close my Avios account?	cancel closure terminate discontinue close delete	"You can close your account, by calling us on 0214 277 555, email us at help@avios.com or Chat to us on Live Web Chat."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	My Account										04/07/2016	Alicia Price
za114	"I'm a British Airways Executive Club member, do I need to join Avios?"	tier lifetime	"No - we are a separate Avios scheme. To collect with the British Airways Executive Club, you can continue to use your existing Executive Club card to collect Avios when you fly. If you want to join Avios and collect with our partners, just go to the 'My Account' tab on our website and click 'Join Avios'.If you are a member of both schemes, you can transfer Avios between your accounts by using our combine my Avios tool. This can be accessed by logging in to your account, holding your mouse over 'My Account' and then clicking on 'Combine my Avios'. "		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	Avios Card										20/04/2016	Daniel Patterson
za7	How do I get in touch about my Avios Card?	contact ring email membership help advise telephone call	"There are many ways to get in touch. You can call us on 0214 277 555, email us at help@avios.com or click here to use our Live Chat Service. We're open Monday to Friday: 8am - 6.30pm and Saturday: 9am -1pm."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	Avios Card										23/09/2015	Alicia Price
za14	"How do I change my address, email address and telephone number?"	update personal details 	"You can update your address, email address and telephone number by emailing, writing, or calling us. Our contact details are below:Chat to us on Live Web ChatEmail us: help@avios.comPhone: 0214 277 555 To protect your data, we do not pass your change of details to Avios partners. If you're collecting Avios, e.g. with Pick n Pay or ABSA, please give them your new details directly."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	My Account										23/09/2015	Alicia Price
za5	What do I do if my Avios Card isn't working?	faulty broken not swiping 	"You'll need to request a replacement card. Just email us at help@avios.com or call us on 0214 277 555 and we'll send you a new one. We're open Monday to Friday, 8am - 6.30pm. Saturday, Sunday and bank holidays: 9am - 1pm."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	Avios Card										23/09/2015	Alicia Price
za11	Why am I getting an error message when transferring my Avios from British Airways or Iberia?		"You may be receiving an error message if all the details on your accounts don't match. This includes name, address, date of birth and email address. If a date of birth is missing, you'll need to update one of your accountsTo update your Avios account you can contact us at help@avios.com. You could be getting an error message because your Iberia account was opened less than 3 months ago. If none of the above apply please contact us on 0214 277 555"		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	Transfer Avios										23/09/2015	Alicia Price
za123	"My Avios haven't appeared on my account, what should I do?"	missing lost received not no points where recover 	"If you're missing Avios, click here to use the Missing Avios tool. Alternatively, any queries relating to the award of Avios should be addressed to Avios Group (AGL) Ltd as set out under the Terms and Conditions. "		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	Missing Avios										01/12/2014	Emma Simpson
za79	Can I combine my Avios UK and Avios South Africa accounts?		It's not possible to combine Avios between the two schemes as they are entirely separate. If you are going to be moving permanently to either country please call us on 0214 277 555 or email help@avios.com. 		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	Merge Account										23/09/2015	Alicia Price
za111	Why do I have an Avios card?	membership	You can use your Avios card to collect Avios when you fill up with fuel at BP. 		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	Avios Card										23/05/2014	Emma Simpson
za51	Can I change my address if I'm moving overseas?		"If you're moving abroad, but intend on coming back to South Africa and using your Avios account again, we can put a mail stop on your account. This way you won't get lots of post from us while you're away. However, you'll still only be able to collect Avios if you're resident in South Africa."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	My Account										16/08/2013	George
za49	Can I use the Avios I collect on my card to pay for things in store?		It's not possible to use your Avios to pay for items in store. You can collect Avios and build up your balance through our various collection partners. You'll then be able to use your Avios towards a great selection of worldwide flights. 		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	Avios Card										24/11/2014	Emma Simpson
qed009	"I've just joined Avios, will I get an Avios Card?"	membership number replacement account	"A membership card isn't required to collect Avios so you won't receive a card in the postYou can view all the ways to collect with us and find out how by clicking here. You can view your membership number under the My Account section of our websiteIf you would like to request a membership card to keep as a record of your membership number, click here to chat with us now and we'll order your card for you. We're open 8am - 8pm Monday to Friday, 9am - 5pm Saturday and 10am - 4pm Sunday.If you'd prefer to contact us by telephone or email, please click here."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	Avios Card										07/06/2016	Alicia Price
bg8	Can I transfer my Avios to someone else's Avios account?	GIVE AWAY friend family died deceased death share sharing inherit inherited	"No, Avios are non-transferable and cannot be moved to an account in another name. However, you're welcome to use your Avios to make bookings for your friends or family. You can do this online by selecting 'Add new passenger' at the Traveller Details stage of your booking. Please make sure that you check the spelling of the name matches exactly to what appears on the passport. If your friends or family are calling us to make a booking  and would like to use Avios from your account, we'll just need to speak to you over the telephone for Data Protection and to get your permission."		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	Transfer Avios										24/11/2014	Emma Simpson
bg217	How do I make a change to my Household account?	split close change name house	"To change your address, email address or telephone number  - log in on the 'My Account' tab of our website, click on 'Your personal details' and make your changes.  To amend your name - you'll need to write into us (with evidence of your name change such as marriage certificate or deed poll).  To remove a member or close an account - you'll need to download our form and post it to us. Go to 'My account' tab, then click on 'Create a household account'. You can then download the relevant form directly from our website. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	Household Account										30/01/2015	Alicia Price
bg243	Where can I find my Avios balance?	points statement history total transaction point check entries past statements transactions	"We always add your latest Avios balance to your statements. You can also check your up-to-date balance and transactions in the 'My account' page of our website. If you've not logged in before, you'll need to go to 'My account', click 'Set up online' and follow the steps. You'll be able to view your last 12 months or 60 transactions online. "		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	My Account										11/12/2014	Emma Simpson
za161	How long does it take for Avios to appear in my account?		"The time it takes varies depending on who you've collected Avios with. If you've collected Avios when you've made a cash booking through us, these will be added to your account within 28 days of your return journey. To check individual partners please go to the 'Collect Avios' tab on our homepage.  If you're missing Avios, please click here for our Missing Avios tool. "		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	My Account										11/12/2014	Emma Simpson
qed019	Can I use my card to collect Avios with Tesco and Shell?		"No, your membership card is for reference only.You can continue collecting with Tesco by using your Clubcard and exchanging Clubcard vouchers for Avios and Shell by using your Shell Drivers' Club Card and turning your points into Avios. Tesco and Shell will automatically find your Avios account using your name and address."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	Avios Card										24/03/2015	Alicia Price
bg2	Why have the Avios I've collected with eStore not appeared in my account?	"missing, estore, returned, merchandise, received, bought, purchase, purchased, stores, store"	"There are several possible reasons: Avios collected through eStore may not appear in your account until 35 days after the date of your purchase. If you return an item and get a refund, the Avios collected will be removed from your Avios account.To collect Avios while shopping online, you must go to the retailer's site via our Avios eStore. If you visit a retailer's site directly, without having first logged into the Avios website and clicked through from our eStore, we will be unable to track your purchases and add your Avios to your account.Increasingly, some advert blocking software programs have been known to block the special tracking codes (COOKIES) that we need to monitor in order to award your Avios. If you can't see your Avios in your account 35 days after your purchase, please complete the 'Missing Avios' form by logging in to our eStore and clicking the Missing Avios link. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	Missing Avios										12/04/2016	Matthew Brown
za18	Can I merge the Avios in my British Airways Executive Club and Avios accounts?	transfer combine move ba exec link	"You can't merge your account but it is possible to transfer your main Avios balance from a British Airways Executive Club account to an Avios account in your name, or vice versa, via our website.To transfer all or part of your Avios balance between your British Airways Executive Club account and your Avios account, simply log in to your account online and hold your mouse over the 'My Account' tab to bring up the menu and then click on 'Combine my Avios'Clicking this link will guide you through the rest of the process, which only takes a minute or two to complete and will allow you to move your Avios either to or from your British Airways Executive Club account. The Combine my Avios tool isn't currently available on mobile devices. The details on both accounts must match for the Combine my Avios link to appear. These details are your name, address, date of birth and your email address. Combine my Avios isn't available if you have a household account.You can do it as many times as you wantYou can move them back againThere are no feesThere are no limitsYou can use your Avios straight awayPlease note: Moving Avios between your accounts doesn't count as collection and therefore won't affect whether you're eligible for the Reward Flight Saver."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	Merge Account										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg210	Can I merge the Avios in my British Airways Executive Club and Avios accounts?	"combine, transfer, BA, exec, executive, link"	"You can transfer your main Avios balance from a British Airways Executive Club account to an Avios account in your name, or vice versa. This won't happen automatically, but you can do it yourself via our website.To transfer all or part of your Avios balance between your British Airways Executive Club account and your Avios account, simply log in to your account online and hold your mouse over the 'My Account' tab to bring up the menu and then click on 'Combine my Avios'. Clicking this link will guide you through the rest of the process, which only takes a minute or two to complete and will allow you to move your Avios either to or from your British Airways Executive Club account. The Combine my Avios tool isn't currently available on mobile devices. The Combine my Avios link will only appear if all details, including your surname, date of birth and e-mail address are on your account, and you're not in a household account. If you're in a household account then please contact us.You can do it as many times as you wantYou can move them back againThere are no feesThere are no limitsYou can use your Avios straight awayPlease note: Moving Avios between your accounts doesn't count as collection and therefore won't affect whether you're eligible for the Reward Flight Saver."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	Merge Account										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg244	Can I update my address online if I have a BFPO (British Forces Post Office) address?		"Sorry, we can't change these online - please contact us and we'll update your account for you."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	My Account										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg5	How long does it take for Avios to appear in my account?	time whe	"The time it takes varies depending on who you've collected Avios with. If you've collected Avios when you've made a cash booking through us, these will be added to your account within 28 days of your return journey. To check individual partners please go to the 'Collect Avios' pages on our website. If you're missing Avios, please use our Missing Avios tool. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	My Account										12/12/2014	Emma Simpson
qed030	Why am I getting an error message when transferring my Avios from British Airways or Iberia?		"You may be receiving an error message for a number of reasons.All details on your accounts do not match with each other. This includes name, address, date of birth and email address.There may be a date of birth missing from one or both of your accounts. In order to continue you must update one of your accounts. To update your Avios account you can contact us.Your Avios account is part of a household account. Please contact us for help.Your Iberia account was opened less than 3 months ago. Your Iberia Plus account must be over 3 months old in order to transfer your Avios.If none of the above apply please contact us."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	Transfer Avios										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed023	What should I do if members of our Household Account have received more than one card?		We may have duplicate records for individual members of your Household Account. The individual member with the duplicate account will need to contact us so we can add this back into the Household Account.		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	Avios Card										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg7	How do my Avios get to my account?	link collect	"This depends on who you are collecting Avios with.With Lloyds or TSB, once you have signed up, we will add any Avios collected to your account automatically within 28 days.With Tesco, you need to exchange Clubcard vouchers for Avios.With Shell you need to choose Avios as your reward.To find out how to collect with other partners go to Collect Avios on our website and click on the relevant brand."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	My Account										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
za50	Can I get a replacement Avios Card?	lost membership cards	You can pick up a replacement Avios Card at any participating BP service station. Remember to activate it online at www.avios.com/activate for Avios to be added to your account. To view all participating service stations click here and you'll see the 'Service Station Locator' towards the bottom of the page.		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	Avios Card										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
za112	How can I check my account balance?	"statement, statements, history, transaction, transactions"	"You can check your up-to-date balance by logging into the 'My account' page of our website using your chosen username and password. If you haven't set up your account online yet, then please click here and the follow the steps."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	My Account										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg6	Who can check the balance on my Avios account?	data protectio	"To follow Data Protection Act requirements, we only give details to the account holder. When you call us to discuss your account, we will ask you a number of security questions to confirm you are the account holder. You should not tell anyone your username and password."		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	My Account										29/01/2014	
qed004	Can I get a replacement Avios Card?	lost membership membershipcard second new card replace	An Avios card is not required to collect or spend Avios. You can still find your membership number in your account or on any email we've sent you.		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	Avios Card										09/05/2016	Daniel Patterson
za17	How do I transfer Avios to BA Exec Club?	combine link move join 	"You can transfer your Avios to your BA Executive Club account. This won't happen automatically but you can do this yourself online.Log in to Avios.com, click on 'My Account' , 'Combine my Avios', then follow the steps. You will be given the option to select 'Avios to British Airways' once you have logged into your BA account - you can do it as many times as you want. And you can move them back again. You can use the Avios straight away and there will be no fee and no limit. The link will not appear if the date of birth is missing from your account. To add a date of birth to your account, email us at help@avios.com."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Account Information	Transfer Avios										10/03/2015	Alicia Price
bg219	How do I update my account if I've changed my name?	change marriage	"Please send us your new details, including your Avios membership number, your address and one of the following as proof of your name change: marriage certificate, deed poll or decree absolute (scanned or photocopied documents are accepted). Please send them by email to help@avios.com or by post to Customer Account Management, PO Box 90, WA3 7XA."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Account Information	My Account										04/03/2015	Alicia Price
za24	What do I do if I want to cancel my booking?	cancellation cancelling 	"Give us a call on 0344 49 333 49 if you wish to cancel an Avios booking. If you're overseas, you can call us on 00 44 1925 848693. We'll help you cancel your booking, re-credit any Avios due to your account and take a payment to cover our Cancel Fee, plus any supplier charges. Reward Flights: As long as you cancel within 24 hours of the departure of the first flight on your booking, your Avios will be re-credited to your account.Hotel bookings: For most of our hotels you'll get a full refund on your Avios if you cancel at least 15 days before your hotel stay is due to begin. Cancel within 8-14 days for a 75% refund, and within 4-7 days for 50%. No refund will be given if the cancellation is made within 3 days of the start date of your booking. Please note, some of our hotels have different cancellation policies. We'll tell you about these at the time of booking."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Aftersales-Booking Info	view-amend-cancel booking										10/11/2014	Alicia Price
bg109	What do I do if I want to cancel my booking?	cancellation cancelling canceling 	"Give us a call on 0344 49 333 49 if you wish to cancel an Avios booking. If you're overseas, you can call us on 00 44 1925 848693. We'll help you cancel your booking, re-credit any Avios due to your account and take a payment to cover our Cancel Fee, plus any supplier charges.Reward Flights: As long as you cancel more than 24 hours before the departure of the first flight on your booking, your Avios will be re-credited to your account.Hotel, Car hire, Ancillary booking: Unless otherwise specified you'll get a full refund on your Avios if you cancel at least 15 days before your booking is due to begin. Cancel within 8-14 days for a 75% refund, and within 4-7 days for 50%. No refund will be given if the cancellation is made within 3 days of the start date of your booking. Please note, some of our hotels have different cancellation policies. We'll tell you about these at the time of booking.Eurostar bookings: A cancel fee of £35 will be charged in addition to any fees levied by Eurostar for any cancellations.Third party tour operator bookings: You have to write to the Avios customer service department to cancel a booking with a tour operator. Generally, the more notice you give us, the less you will pay in cancellation fees set by the operator."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Aftersales-Booking Info	view-amend-cancel booking										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg249	Which terminal will I be flying from?		"This depends on which airline you're flying with. You can check the flight with the airline direct or get in touch with us and we'll check for you. If you already have a booking with us, your terminal will be on the documents we've sent you."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Aftersales-Booking Info	Information about my flight										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg259	Can I view my booking online after I have completed it?	"bookings, existing, find, reservation, reservations, flight booked"	"We'll send you all the documents you need by either post or email. If you haven't received your confirmation or booking documents, or would like another copy, click here to chat with us via our Live Chat service, so we can send it again. We're open 7 days a week, from 8am - 8pm Monday to Friday, 9am - 5pm Saturday and 10am - 4pm Sunday.Click here to see other ways to contact us.Currently, you can't view your booking on our website. However, if you've got a British Airways flight booking with us, you'll be able to view and manage your booking with your 'PNR' reference at ba.com/managemybookingYour PNR reference is 6 digits long made up of letters and numbers."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Aftersales-Booking Info	view-amend-cancel booking										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg248	Where do I find my airline locator (PNR)?		"This reference is on your e-ticket (described as PNR), if you're having trouble finding it, you can contact us."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Aftersales-Booking Info	Information about my flight										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg258	Can I make a name change on a booking?		"Generally scheduled airlines do not allow name changes to be made, however there are some airlines that will allow you to do this for a fee. Chat with us now via our Live Chat service and we'll be happy to check the terms and conditions that apply to your booking.To contact us by telephone, email or post, please click here to view our Contact Us page."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Aftersales-Booking Info	view-amend-cancel booking										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg108	How do I make a change to my booking?	"change, amend, alter, changes, terms, conditions, rebook flexible flexibility"	"Give us a call on 0344 49 333 49 if you wish to change an Avios booking. If you're overseas, you can call us on 0044 1925 848693. We'll help you change your booking and take a payment to cover our 'Change Fee', plus any supplier charges."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Aftersales-Booking Info	view-amend-cancel booking										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg250	How do I know if my booking is e-ticket?		"We'll send you a confirmation email to say you won't receive any documents by post and we'll attach the e-ticket travel document to the email. If you haven't arranged for your documents to be sent by email, we'll pop an A4 copy of your e-ticket in the post."		GBWEB;GBMOB	Aftersales-Booking Info	Information about my flight										16/08/2013	George
qed303	Can I use Avios to upgrade my flights?	"upgrades, business, first, premium economy, upgrading"	"Yes you can. If you've booked a British Airways Avios or cash flight with us, we might be able to upgrade you to the next travel class dependant on the type of fare you have booked and subject to availability. Give our Customer Service Team a call on 0344 49 333 49 and we'll check both availability and fare eligibility for you.To upgrade your flights, you'll need to pay the extra Avios and any additional taxes, fees and carrier charges set by the airline, or the difference in the Reward Flight Saver price in cash.The additional Avios prices are:World Traveller Plus - 1.5x Avios economy fare. Club Europe/World - 2x Avios economy fare. First - 3x Avios economy fare. To see our current economy fares, browse our Explorer Map. Upgrades are only available by calling us on 0844 49 333 49, and we can only upgrade flights that have been booked with us directly. If you haven't booked your flight yet, you can book in any available cabin class. Find out about  British Airways' travel classes. We offer Cash &amp; Avios fares on all of our flights, which means you can pay for your flights with a mix of cash and Avios.  Check availability and book your flights."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Aftersales-Booking Info	view-amend-cancel booking										24/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg257	"There appears to be an error in my documents, what should I do?"	"mistake, booking, problem, change, wrong"	"Please call us on 0344 49 333 49 and we'll be happy to help.We're open 7 days a week, from 8am - 8pm Monday to Friday, 9am - 5pm Saturday and 10am - 4pm Sunday. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Aftersales-Booking Info	There is a discrepancy with my booking										04/09/2014	Emma Simpson
bg9	When will I receive my documents from Avios?	"travel documents, booking confirmation, invoice, receipt, details"	"Most documentation can be sent by email, which will arrive within 48 hours. If you'd prefer to have your documents posted to you, please let us know and allow up to 14 days for delivery.  If you have booked a package holiday or cruise with a third party tour operator through us, we will send your invoice within 14 days. Your remaining travel documents will be sent 10-14 days prior to travel. If you haven't received your documentation from us, or if you would like us to resend anything, please get in touch with us via the 'Contact us' link, which can be found at the bottom of all our webpages."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Aftersales-Booking Info	I have not received my documents										18/08/2015	Alicia Price
qed273	Can I view my booking online after I have completed it?	"existing, receipt, confirmation, documents"	"Sorry, you can't view your booking on our website once completed. But, don't worry! If you've a flight booking you can see that on the airlines website with your PNR. Your PNR reference is 6 digits long made up of letters and numbers. We'll also send you all the documents you'll need within 48 hours. If you haven't received your confirmation or booking documents, or would like another copy please get in touch with us so we can send it again."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Aftersales-Booking Info	view-amend-cancel booking										18/08/2015	Alicia Price
za25	How do I make a change to my booking?	amend amendment amends alter changes alterations flight	"Give us a call on 034449 333 49 if you wish to change an Avios booking. If you're overseas, you can call us on 0044 1925 848693. We'll help you change your booking and take a payment to cover our Change Fee, plus any supplier charges."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Aftersales-Booking Info	view-amend-cancel booking										04/07/2016	Alicia Price
za21	Can I make a name change on a booking?		"Generally, scheduled airlines do not allow name changes to be made. However there are some airlines that will allow you to do this for a fee. Just call us on 0214 277 555 and we'll be happy to check the terms and conditions that apply to your booking."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Aftersales-Booking Info	view-amend-cancel booking										23/09/2015	Alicia Price
za22	Where do I find my airline locator (PNR)?		"This reference is on your e-ticket (described as PNR). If you're having trouble finding it, you can call us on 0214 277 555 and we'll help."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Aftersales-Booking Info	Information about my flight										23/09/2015	Alicia Price
za23	What should I do if I can't enter my immigration information using the link sent to me?		"If you've not completed these details, we'll send you a reminder approximately three days before your departure. If your booking is with British Airways, you can then log on to BA.com and select 'Manage My Booking', which lets you complete these details online. For any other airline, please call us on 0214 277 555."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Aftersales-Booking Info	Passport-Visa-health Information										23/09/2015	Alicia Price
za29	"There appears to be an error in my documents, what should I do?"	mistake tickets 	"Please check all of your documents thoroughly when you receive them. If there are any errors, contact us straight away on 0214 277 555 so we can get it fixed.  We're open Monday to Friday, 8am - 6.30pm. Saturday, Sunday and bank holidays: 9am - 1pm."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Aftersales-Booking Info	There is a discrepancy with my booking										23/09/2015	Alicia Price
za26	Can you resend my booking confirmation?		"Yes, please send us an email to help@avios.com with your booking reference and we'll resend the documents to the email address you used to book with us. If you're travelling within the next 48 hours, please call us on 0214 277 555 instead."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Aftersales-Booking Info	I have not received my documents										23/09/2015	Alicia Price
za129	Can I use self-service check-in if I have an e-ticket?		"Check-in kiosks are only available for customers travelling on British Airways flights. All you need is a form of identification (e.g. a credit card, debit card or Executive Club Card), your airline locator reference and your flight number.You will also still need to carry your passport.Check-in kiosks are available for the following:customers travelling on British Airways flights, adults, children and infants travelling together on an e-ticket.Groups of up to six passengers on the same booking (groups of more than six passengers per booking will be checked in individually).Don't forget, you can collect Avios on British Airways flights."		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Aftersales-Booking Info	Information about my flight										03/09/2013	Alicia Price
za164	Which terminal will I be flying from?		"This depends on which airline you're flying with. You can check the flight with the airline direct or get in touch with us and we'll check for you. If you already have a booking with us, your terminal will be on the documents we've sent you."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Aftersales-Booking Info	Information about my flight										22/08/2013	Alicia Price
bg253	What should I do if I can't enter my immigration information using the link sent to me?	"api, apis"	"If you've not completed these details, we'll send you a reminder approximately three days before your departure. If your booking is with British Airways, you can then log on to BA.com and select 'Manage My Booking', which lets you complete these details online. For any other airline, please call us on 0344 49 333 49."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Aftersales-Booking Info	Passport-Visa-health Information										13/06/2014	Alicia Price
bg255	"Can I request extras for my car hire booking, such as snow chains, car seats, satellite navigation etc.?"	special requests	"Yes, we can request extras for you. Please call us on 0344 49 333 99, as we'll need to check directly with Avis for up-to-date availabillity, and we'll be happy to help.  If there is any charge for a requested item, we'll advise you of the cost and you'll pay locally when you collect your car. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Aftersales-Booking Info	Passport-Visa-health Information										13/06/2014	Alicia Price
bg252	"If I'm travelling to the USA, will I have to show immigration officials my return ticket?"		"The e-ticket document will suffice. However, if you forget that document, you will need to get it reprinted at the airline's ticket desk at the airport."		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Aftersales-Booking Info	Passport-Visa-health Information										24/03/2015	Alicia Price
qed306	When will I receive my documents from Avios?	"travel documents, booking confirmation, invoice, receipt details"	"Most documentation can be sent by email, which will arrive within 48 hours. If you'd prefer to have your documents posted to you, please let us know and allow up to 14 days for delivery.For travel on Eurostar and ferries, all you need now is your reference number, which we can give you at the time of booking. Your tickets or boarding passes will be issued at check-in.If you have booked a package holiday or cruise with a third party tour operator through us, we will send your invoice within 14 days. Your remaining travel documents will be sent 10-14 days prior to travel.If you haven't received your documentation from us, or if you would like us to resend anything, please contact us."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Aftersales-Booking Info	I have not received my documents										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg223	Can you resend my booking confirmation?	"travel itinerary, documentation, confirm, documents, docs, itinerary, details, ticket, tickets"	"Yes, please click here to use our Live Chat service and we'll resend your documents as soon as possible. If you are travelling within the next 48 hours, please call us on 0344 49 333 99 instead. We're open 7 days a week, from 8am - 8pm Monday to Friday, 9am - 5pm Saturday and 10am - 4pm Sunday. You can now tweet us @AviosUK"		GBMOB;GBWEB	Aftersales-Booking Info	I have not received my documents										01/07/2015	Emma Simpson
za130	What is my baggage allowance?	"baggage, bag, bags, luggage, charge, allowance, included, sporting, instrument, golf, carriage, bicycles, equipment, bike, bicycle, pram, pushchair, buggy, skis, clubs, golf clubs, 1pc"	"A guide of your baggage allowances for bookings made using Avios are in the table below. Allowance stated is for an adult traveller, flying to/from Europe.Please contact the airline you're travelling with for confirmation of your baggage allowance and dimensions, as well as for further information relating to any sporting goods, musical instruments or other special items. You'll also find details of your baggage allowance in your travel documentation. Your documents may say '1PC', which simply means 1 piece, or 1 bag, of luggage.AirlineEconomyPremium EconomyBusinessFirst ClassBA1 bag, 23kg per bag2 bags, 23kg per bag2 bags, 32kg per bag3 bags, 32kg per bagBA CityFlyer1 bag, 23kg per bagN/A2 bags, 32kg per bagN/AIberia1 bag, 23kg per bagN/A2 bags, 32kg per bagN/AAir Nostrum 1 bag, 23kg per bagN/A2 bags, 32kg per bagN/AOpen Skies 1 bag, 23kg per bag 2 bags, 23kg per bag 3 bags, 23kg per bag N/AOpen Skies 1 bag, 23kg per bag 2 bags, 23kg per bag 3 bags, 23kg per bag N/AAmerican Airlines 1 bag, 23kg per bag N/A N/A N/AAer Lingus1 bag, 20kg per bag N/A N/A N/AAurigny*1 bag, 20kg per bag N/A N/A N/AFlybe1 bag, 20kg per bag N/A N/A N/AAir Malta**1 bag, 20kg per bag N/A N/A N/AMonarch**1 bag, 20kg per bag N/A N/A N/A* Route exclusions apply. **If opted for at time of booking.Baggage allowances are subject to change, for the latest information please refer to your airline. "		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Aftersales-Booking Info	Information about my flight										05/02/2014	
za131	How do I change my online password?		"To help keep your account safe, we recommend updating your password regularly. Login to your account and go to the security details page to change your passwordIf you've forgotten your password and are unable to access your account, you can reset your password here."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Avios Website Assistance	Account-username-password information										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg262	"What happens if I return the purchased product, will I lose my Avios?"	"refunded, reimbursed, refund, estore, shopping, returned, merchandise"	"If you return an item and get a refund, you won't be eligible for Avios on that particular purchase. If you have returned part of your order you will receive the applicable amount of Avios onto your account. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Avios Website Assistance	Other										18/09/2014	Emma Simpson
bg232	What is your cookie policy?		"To fully access all the features on the site, you must enable 'cookies' in your browser. Read our cookie policy."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Avios Website Assistance	Other										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg10	"Why does the Avios website say my account is locked, and what should I do?"		This happens when some of the information you are entering doesn't match our records. You can wait 30 minutes and try again or  get in touch and we'll help you get online.		GBMOB;GBWEB	Avios Website Assistance	Account-username-password information										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg231	I can't access some of the retailer links. What should I do?		"If you find that a link or retailer site doesn't work, it is likely that you have a piece of software controlling the sites you can visit. To solve this problem:Please disable your Ad Blocking/Popup Blocking/Cookie Blocking software (you might need to close your browser and re-start after you switch off your blocking software).If you are using Internet Explorer 6 or another browser which has a privacy setting, set the privacy setting to low.If you have Zone Alarm Pro or Norton Internet security, these products have ad-blocking and cookie-blocking features. You do not need to disable your firewall, just disable the cookie-blocking and ad-blocking feature for this website.You may also need to delete old temporary Internet files and cookies. You can do this via your browser's settings menu."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Avios Website Assistance	Other										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
za135	Can I change my security details or username?		"Absolutely, just log in to your account on our website, hover over 'My Account' and click 'Your security details', then make the changes you want.If you need any help accessing your Avios account online, click here to contact us via our Live Chat service and we'll be happy to help. We're open Monday to Friday, 8am - 6.30pm. Saturday, Sunday and bank holidays: 9am - 1pm.If you'd prefer to contact us by telephone or email, please click here."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Avios Website Assistance	Account-username-password information										26/03/2015	Alicia Price
za165	How do I set up my account online?	"register on-line username password create setup login log online join new member account registration
"	"You can register your existing account online by clicking here. All you'll need is your membership number and a few security details. Once you've set up your username and password, you'll be able to check your balance and book your flights on our website.  If you haven't already got an Avios membership card or account with us, you can join us online here. "		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Avios Website Assistance	Account-username-password information										06/03/2014	
qed096	How do I set up my account online?	"register on-line username password create setup login log online join new member account registration
"	"You can set up your existing account for use online. All you'll need is your membership number and a few security details. You will choose your own username and password. Once your account is set up online, you'll be able to check your balance, use the eStore, book flights and much much more.You can also join Avios as a new member on our website by clicking here. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Avios Website Assistance	Account-username-password information										06/03/2014	
bg228	"I've forgotten my username / password, can you tell me it?"	"account, login, log in, in, logging in, access, online, user name, airmiles account, reset, forgotten, details, lost, sign, resetting, security"	"Need to find your username? Just tell us your registered email address or Avios membership number and we'll send a reminder of your username.Don't know your password? We can send you a link to reset your password.Once you've logged in we recommend updating your username to your email address so it's easier to rememberIf your email address isn't recognised and you already have an account with us, it may be that you haven't set up your username and password with us yet. To register your Avios account for use online and create your own username and password, please click here.Household accountsIf you have a Household account with us, please use your personal membership number (as shown on your membership card or any email we've sent you), as Household account numbers can't be used online.If you need any help finding your personal membership number or if you've forgotten the answers to your security questions (required to reset your password), please click here to see all the ways to get in touch with us."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Avios Website Assistance	Account-username-password information										04/07/2016	Alicia Price
bg229	Can I change my security details or username?	sec questions birth forgotten memorable remember	"Absolutely, just log in to your account on our website, hover over 'My Account' and click 'Your security details', then make the changes you want.We recommend updating your username to your email address so it's easier to rememberIf you need any help accessing your Avios account online, click here to contact us via our Live Chat service and we'll be happy to help. We're open from 8am - 8pm Monday to Friday, 9am - 5pm Saturday and 10am - 4pm Sunday.If you'd prefer to contact us by telephone or email, please click here."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Avios Website Assistance	Account-username-password information										04/07/2016	Alicia Price
qed328	Is there a fee to join the Avios Travel Rewards Programme?	"join, fee"	"No, there is no joining fee to join the Avios Travel Rewards Programme."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Avios Website Assistance	Account-username-password information										21/05/2014	Alicia Price
bg224	What does the 'remember me' tick box do?		"If you use a public or shared computer, we recommend you do not select the 'remember me' option for security reasons, so other people will not be able to see your username if they visit www.avios.com after you or click the back button on the browser.  When you have finished your visit, make sure you sign out by selecting the 'log out' option in the main menu. This will delete all personal information from the computer."		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Avios Website Assistance	Account-username-password information										03/09/2013	Alicia Price
za136	"I am trying to set up my account online, but it says my account is already registered?"		We may already have an account set up online for you. You'll just need to contact us and we'll help you get back online.		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Avios Website Assistance	Account-username-password information										22/08/2013	Alicia Price
za137	"Why does the Avios website say my account is locked, and what should I do?"		This happens when some of the information you're entering doesn't match our records. You can wait 30 minutes and try again or get in touch with us and we'll help you get online.		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Avios Website Assistance	Account-username-password information										22/08/2013	Alicia Price
bg226	How do I change my online password?		"To help keep your account safe, we recommend updating your password regularly. To update your password, log in to your account and hold your mouse over the 'My Account' heading. From here, select the option that says 'Security details'. In this section, you'll see a space to enter your new password. You'll need to re-enter your existing password a little further down the page, before clicking on 'Save Changes'. Remember, your password is case sensitive.If you've forgotten your password and are unable to access your account, you can reset your password. Enter your username, email address or personal membership number and we'll send you an email with a link to change your password, without you needing to log in to your account first.If you have a Household account with us, please only enter your username or individual membership number, as your email address will be shared with all members on your Household account."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Avios Website Assistance	Account-username-password information										19/11/2013	
bg261	Why can't I log in using my Household account number?		"To log into our website, you'll use the username you originally set up with us, rather than a membership number. If you've forgotten either your username or password, please click here and enter your personal membership number (this is different to your household account number). If you don't know your personal membership number, we'll be happy to get it for you. Please get in touch with us. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Avios Website Assistance	Account-username-password information										19/11/2013	
za140	"I've forgotten my username / password, can you tell me it?"	login log online account logging security	"If you've misplaced your username or password click here and click 'Forgotten username?' or 'Forgotten password?', fill in your details and we'll send you a reminder email.If you need any help recovering your details, please contact us and we'll be happy to help. "		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Avios Website Assistance	Account-username-password information										29/01/2014	
bg11	Can I collect Avios directly from a retailer's site?	estore online shopping bought already	"To collect Avios while shopping online, you must go to the retailer's site via our Avios eStore. If you visit a retailer's site directly, without having first logged into the Avios website and clicked through from our eStore, we will be unable to track your purchases and add your Avios to your account."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Avios Website Assistance	Other										12/04/2016	Matthew Brown
bg260	"I am trying to set up my account online, but it says my account is already registered?"		"We may already have an account set up for you.To see if your account has been registered online, please click here and enter your email address to recover your details. If a username and password have previously been registered to your email, we'll then send you an email with a reminder of your username and a link to reset your password.If your email address isn't recognised, this usually means that although you do already have an account with us, it hasn't yet been registered online. If you know your membership number, please click here to set up your username and password. If you need any help locating your account details or accessing your Avios account online, please get in touch with us."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Avios Website Assistance	Account-username-password information										19/11/2013	
qed312	I'm getting an error message whilst using your website. What should I do?	"error system 404 http cookies browser work useless broken safari firefox app mobile chrome internet settings system systems setting java javascript website site web connect connection server
"	"Try the steps below. These resolve most connection and compatibility errors. If you still get error messages after following these steps, please get in touch with us by clicking the 'Still need help' link below.Ensure you have the latest version of your browserJavaScript is enabledDisable any pop-ups or advert blockers, as these can stop some parts of our website from working properly.If there's a major issue with our website that is affecting all users, we'll do our best to notify you via an onscreen message and/or our Facebook and Twitter channels.Not all features and functions will be available at all times on our mobile devices. If you're encountering any problems on your mobile device, please switch to our full site.If you still need help, please click here. "		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Avios Website Assistance	Other										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
za139	Can I set up my account online with my existing Avios number?	already 	"If you're an existing Avios member and wish to set up your Avios account online, please click hereYou'll then be asked to answer some security questions to help establish your identity before setting up your account online."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Avios Website Assistance	Account-username-password information										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg225	Can I set up my account online with my existing Avios number?	already	"If you're an existing Avios member and wish to set up your Avios account online, please click here.You'll then be asked to answer some security questions to help establish your identity before setting up your account online."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Avios Website Assistance	Account-username-password information										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed366	How much will I collect if I've booked a flight before 28 April?		"Bookings made up to and including 27 April 2015 will collect Avios based on the old collection rates. Bookings made on or after 28 April, our new collection rules apply."		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										27/04/2015	Alicia Price
qed269	How many Avios can I collect with TSB?		"You can collect Avios with the TSB Avios credit card. You can earn:1 Avios per £1 spent on a TSB Avios American Express® Card*1 Avios per £5 spent on a TSB Avios MasterCard® Card*Click here if you're collecting on a Premier cardWhen you've opened your TSB card account, TSB will automatically link your credit cards with your Avios account. They'll find your account using your name and address, if you've not got an account with us they'll set you one up. You'll start to receive Avios 14 days after your first statement. *Eligible purchases do not include cash withdrawals, money transfers, cheques, interest, fees or charges, transactions at casinos, betting outlets or bookmakers or payments to offline or online current , savings, sharetrading, spread betting, gambling or any other similar account."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										04/11/2013	Alicia Price
za106	I thought I was collecting Avios - why aren't they showing on my account?	missing received credited lost	"The Avios you've collected recently may not have reached your account yet. It can take up to 35 days for Avios to reach your account depending on who you're collecting with. If your Avios aren't in your account after 35 days, click here to find out how to query your missing Avios. You can check your balance and transactions in 'My Account'."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										14/01/2014	
qed364	How has the way I collect Avios on flights change?	"collect, flights"	"You can collect Avios for cash tickets booked on British Airways and Iberia flights based on the distance you fly, cabin class and fare type. For example, if you pay for a flexible ticket you will collect more Avios than the lowest priced ticket in the same cabin. Find out more"		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										27/04/2015	Alicia Price
qed258	Can I collect Avios on my foreign currency with Moneycorp?	travelmoney	It is no longer possible to collect Avios at Moneycorp bureaus. However you can collect Avios by ordering at Avios Cash Passport		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										29/02/2016	Matthew Brown
qed400	Can I collect Avios on my foreign currency with American Express?	travelmoney	It is no longer possible to collect Avios through American Express Currency Exchange. However you can collect Avios by ordering at Avios Cash Passport		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										29/02/2016	Matthew Brown
qed270	How much can I collect with my TSB Premier Avios Credit Card Account?		"You can get:1.25 Avios per £1 spent on a TSB Premier Avios American Express® Card*1.25 Avios per £5 spent on a TSB Premier Avios MasterCard® Card*You earn more Avios when using yourAmerican Express card, but just in case a store doesn't accept American Expresswe've given you a MasterCard so you can still earn Avios.*Eligible purchases do not include cash withdrawals, money transfers, cheques,interest, fees or charges, transactions at casinos, betting outlets orbookmakers or payments to offline or online current , savings, sharetrading,spread betting, gambling or any other similar account."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										04/11/2013	Alicia Price
qed344	Will I still collect Avios if I use Avios as part payment when I book my flight directly with British Airways?		"Yes, you'll still collect 1 Avios for everymile you fly."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										20/04/2015	Alicia Price
qed316	What do I do if Ive forgotten my PIN for my Avios Cash Passport?	avios cash passport	You should call 0800 015 0401 and follow the automated prompts.		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										18/09/2014	Emma Simpson
qed144	Which airlines can I collect with?	flights flying flown fly oneworld world quantas qantas emirates virgin cathay ba iberia british airways airline collect ethiad lufthansa klm iag earn affiliate affiliates lingus flybe calculate calculator	You can earn up to 1 Avios for every 1 mile flown when you book cash flights directly with British Airways or Iberia. Or up to 4 Avios for every £1 you spend on Flybe flights.To collect Avios just add your Member ID (that's digits 7 - 15 of your membership number) to your booking.You can also add your member ID to existing flight bookings or make a retrospective claim. Find out more about collecting with the individual airlines on the links below.		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										10/11/2014	Alicia Price
za88	Will my smartshopper points be turned into Avios automatically?		"You'll need to pre-link your smartshopper card with your Avios account to be able to switch your points. Please allow up to 5 days before switching your smartshopper points at any Pick n Pay kiosk. You'll need a minimum of 800 smartshopper points to do this. Smartshopper points can be exchanged for Avios in bundles of 800, 1600, 2400 and 3200. Please link your card here. "		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										18/09/2014	Emma Simpson
qed290	When will I get my upgrade voucher?		"You'll receive your Upgrade Voucher when your spend in one year reaches £7,000 on your Avios Rewards Credit Card or £5,000 for the Premier Card.  Your voucher will be applied to your account within 28 days of reaching your qualifying spend. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										18/09/2014	Emma Simpson
qed124	Where can I use Avios Cash Passport?		"You can use your Card to withdraw money at ATMs worldwide displaying the MasterCard Acceptance Mark. Alternatively, you can use the Card to pay directly for goods or services at merchants worldwide that accept MasterCard. No matter which currency you purchase, Cash Passport can still be used worldwide. For example, if you purchase Euros on your Multi-currency Cash Passport, you can still use it at ATMs in America, but the balance in Euros will attract a currency conversion from Euros to US Dollars. Please note: There are a number of countries where the use of Cash Passport is not allowed as they are subject to US economic sanctions. If you attempt to use your card in any of these countries, your request will be declined and the reason given as 'Decline, prohibited country'. The countries currently affected by sanctions are: Myanmar (Burma)CubaIranSudanOther sanctions/restrictions may apply - please refer to the H.M. Treasury website for more details. You can also use your Cash Passport to shop online (within the limits and restrictions of your card) at any retailer who accepts MasterCard cards. For your security you may be asked to provide the security code that's printed on the signature strip on the back of the Card. The Card may not be used for money transfers or for accessing or purchasing goods from adult or gambling internet sites and must not be used for any unlawful activity. You must comply with all laws and regulations (including any foreign exchange controls) in respect of the Card, in the country of purchase and/or use. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										23/04/2014	Alicia Price
qed315	"When my Avios Cash Passport expires, what do I do?"		"You should use up any remaining funds on your Avios Cash Passport before 30 September 2014 at merchants and ATMs until the balance reaches zero. Alternatively, you can cash out your Avios Cash Passport at any time, by calling the Avios Cash Passport Service Centre on 0800 015 0401, to arrange for the balance to be transferred to your bank account. We will not charge a cash-out fee for this service. Please note it may take up to 10 working days for the funds to appear in your account. If you have an Avios Multi-currency Cash Passport, we'll automatically send you a new card with all your current funds transferred onto it once your existing card expires. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										23/04/2014	Alicia Price
qed249	Can I exchange Clubcard vouchers for Avios?	tesco	"You can pick up Avios using your Tesco Clubcard. You'll earn 600 Avios for every £2.50 voucher you exchange. Just pick Avios as your reward when you exchange your Tesco Clubcard vouchers and we'll add your Avios to your account. To find out more, have a look at our Tesco page."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										18/07/2014	Emma Simpson
qed243	How do I collect Avios at Tesco?		"You need a Tesco Clubcard (you can get one in store). Scan it every time you shop and you'll collect Clubcard points, which Tesco turn into Clubcard vouchers. Tesco send you your vouchers in the post - when you get them, you can exchange them for Avios online (see how on our Tesco page) or by post, filling in the order form and sending it with your vouchers to the address given."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg61	How many Avios can I collect  when I book a holiday?		"You'll get up to 5 Avios for every £1 spent on holidays with over 40 of the UK's favourite holiday companies from Thomson to Kuoni.  You must book your holiday via our Customer Contact Centre in order to collect Avios. For quotes or to book, please call us on 0844 49 333 49. Your Avios are added to your account 28 days after your holiday. To find out more about collecting Avios on your holiday and to see which holiday companies you can book with, visit our Holidays page. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Travel										12/10/2015	Alicia Price
qed253	Can I exchange my Tesco Clubcard vouchers by post?		"Yes. You must attach them to the order form they send with the vouchers and post it directly to Tesco. We strongly recommend you use registered or recorded delivery. Alternatively, you can exchange your Tesco vouchers online - see how on our Tesco page."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg62	How many Avios can I collect when I book a cruise?		"You'll get up to 5 Avios for every £1 spent on cruises with leading names like Royal Caribbean and Cunard. To collect Avios, you must book your cruise via our Customer Contact Centre on 0844 49 333 49. Your Avios are added to your account 28 days after your holiday. To see all the cruise companies you can collect Avios with, visit our Cruise collection page. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Travel										12/10/2015	Alicia Price
qed255	Will my Tesco Clubcard points still be turned into Avios automatically?		"If you've chosen to have your Tesco Clubcard points turned into Avios automatically instead of getting vouchers and exchanging them yourself - we'll sort everything out for you. If you're not already opted in to have your Avios automatically awarded by Tesco just update your preferences at www.tesco.com/clubcard.If you'd rather exchange your Tesco Clubcard points manually each time, by getting Clubcard vouchers and going online, please visit the My Clubcard Account section of www.tesco.com/clubcard."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed046	How many Avios can I collect on my foreign exchange?		You'll collect 1 Avios for every £1 spent on foreign currency at any American Express bureau de change at Birmingham airport or online at travelmoneynow.com/aviosYou can also collect 1 Avios for every £1 you load onto an Avios Multi-currency Cash Passport		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed105	What do I do if I find an incorrect transaction on my Avios Cash Passport Card?		You'll need to download and complete a Dispute Form at www.multicurrencycashpassport.com/avios		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg73	Will I get Avios on the cruise I've already booked?		"If you booked your cruise directly with ourselves and decided to collect Avios, rather than spend them, your Avios will be added to your account within 28 days of your return journey. To find out more about collecting Avios on cruises, visit our Cruise page here.If you've already booked a cruise with another travel agency, we wouldn't be able to give you any Avios on this occasion, as your cruise must be booked with us by calling 0844 49 333 49 in order to collect Avios."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Travel										11/12/2013	
bg155	Can I collect Avios in more than one place and have them go into the same account?	dupe duplicate link	"Yes. Your Avios should end up in the same account, as each partner will use the existing information they have for you and add this to your existing account.If you have more than one Avios account in the same name, please contact us and we'll merge the accounts for you.(Please note, you can only merge your accounts if the name on the two accounts match exactly)."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed199	How many Avios can I collect with Shell?	"petrol, fuel, v power,"	"You'll get 10 Avios for every 20 litres of Shell fuel when you swipe your Shell Drivers' Club card.If you have a Shell V-Power Card, you'll get twice the Shell Drivers' Club points of the standard Shell Drivers' Club - collecting 10 Avios for every 10 litres of Shell V-Power fuel when you swipe your card.If you've not registered your card yet, go to www.shell.co.uk/driversclub and choose Avios as your reward.If you have a Shell V-Power Card, you'll get twice the Shell Drivers' Club points of the standard Shell Drivers' Club - collecting 20 Avios for every 20 litres of Shell V-Power fuel when you swipe your card. It's not just fuel where you can collect Avios. You can also collect Avios on:Motoring productsCollect 1 Avios for every £1 spent on the full range of Shell Helix and high-performance oils and lubricants.Car washCollect Avios when you wash your car. Get 15 Avios on the Shell Super Shine Jet Wash and 25 Avios on the Shell Super Shine Car Wash."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed346	How do I collect with Zipcar?		"When you take out an annual membership with Zipcar you\'ll receive 1,000 Avios. You\'ll also receive 50 Avios every time you book a car or vehicle with Zipcar. You can reserve a vehicle by the hour, day or week, and book online or on your mobile."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										04/09/2014	Alicia Price
qed250	How many Avios can I get when my Tesco Clubcard points are exchanged automatically for me?		"You'll get 600 Avios for every 250 Tesco Clubcard points on a quarterly basis.If you'd rather exchange your points manually online each time, please visit the My Clubcard Account section of www.tesco.com/clubcard."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg72	Will I get Avios on the holiday I've already booked?	tour operator	"If you booked your holiday directly with ourselves and decided to collect Avios, rather than spend them, your Avios will be added to your account within 28 days of your return journey. To find out more about collecting Avios on holidays, visit our Holiday page here.If you've already booked a holiday with another travel agency, we wouldn't be able to give you any Avios on this occasion, as your holiday must be booked with us on 0844 49 333 49 in order to collect Avios.To find out more about collecting Avios on flights, please visit our Collect on Flights page. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Travel										11/12/2013	
qed348	How do I collect with Rewards for Thoughts?	"collect, rewards for thoughts, surveys"	Sign up to Rewards for Thoughts online at www.rewardsforthoughts.co.uk and start collecting Avios for every survey you complete. Collect 600 Avios for registering and completing your first survey.Visit the Avios Rewards for Thoughts page to find out more.		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
za81	Can I collect Avios on everything I buy at Pick n Pay?		"You can exchange all your smartshopper points for Avios. Smartshopper points are awarded for everything you buy in store, except fuel, tobacco and tobacco-related products, Pick n Pay Gift cards and top up, money transfers, prescription pharmaceutical goods and third party services and payments. Transactions through SAA and bus tickets, multichoice, traffic fines, splash out, mall cards and pension payments."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										18/07/2014	Emma Simpson
qed039	Can I collect Avios with Bupa?		"Unfortunately the Avios Bupa partnership is no longer available to new customers. If you started collecting before 31 August 2013, you'll still earn Avios until the end of your second year.  Any queries realting to your existing policy, please call 0845 609 0777. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										18/07/2014	Emma Simpson
qed242	How much can I collect with Tesco?	tescos	"You can collect 600 Avios for every £2.50 in Tesco Clubcard vouchers. To find out how to exchange your Clubcard vouchers for Avios, visit our Tesco page here. We often have special collection offers, so check back regularly."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										11/12/2013	
qed103	What if my Avios Cash Passport is lost or stolen?		"If your Avios Multi-currency Cash Passport is lost, stolen or damaged, contact Card Services immediately, so they can cancel it and offer further assistance, including a free replacement card or emergency cash replacement up to the available balance on your card (subject to availability in the relevant location). Rest assured, your balance is chip and PIN protected and if you have an additional card, you can still access your funds with the additional card. Please click here for their contact details."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
za86	Can I exchange smartshopper points I already have for Avios?		"Yes, you can collect 1 Avios for every 8 smartshopper points you switch.  You'll need a minimum of 800 smartshopper points to do this. You can switch for Avios at a Pick n Pay kiosk. You'll need to pre-link your smartshopper card with your Avios account to be able to switch your points. These points can be exchanged for Avios in bundles of 800, 1600, 2400 and 3200. Please link your card here. "		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										18/07/2014	Emma Simpson
qed317	Who do I call with questions about my Avios Cash Passport?		"If you have any questions about your Avios Cash Passport, please call the number on the back of your card or click here for their contact details."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
za96	How do I activate my BP Avios card?	activating register link activation code	"You can click here to activate your BP card on our website.If you're a new member to Avios, click the orange button that says 'Join and Activate your Card'. If you already have a username and password for your Avios account, then please click the green button that says 'Activate your Card'.Once your card has been activated, your Avios will reach your account within 30 days. "		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										19/02/2014	
qed349	Can I collect Tier points with the Avios Travel Rewards Programme?	earn BA IB frequent flyer tier eligible	"Tier points are a part of the British Airways Executive Club and aren't part of the Avios Travel Rewards Programme. The Executive Club is a frequent flyer scheme operated by British Airways which also offers its members the opportunity to collect Avios. If you would like to collect Tier points and Avios with the British Airways Executive Club, you will need to enter your Executive Club account number to your flight booking instead of your Avios Member ID. The Avios you collect from your flight will then be credited to your account with the British Airways Executive Club and you will earn Tier points in line with their terms and conditions. To access your Executive Club account, or if you'd like to find out more about the scheme, please visit ba.com/executiveclub."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed272	Can I collect with my TSB Premier Avios Credit Card Account?		"You can collect Avios with a TSB Premier Avios Credit Card Account, getting up to 1.25 Avios for every £1 spent.To start collecting just  sign up for the TSB Premier credit card, Lloyds will automatically open an account for you or link the card to the account you already have with us. Avios will be awarded monthly around 14 days after you have received your statement."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed040	How do I collect with Accor Hotels?	Sofitel Pullman Novotel Mercure Pullman Adagio Gallery	You can get up to 1 Avios for every Euro you spend on qualifying stays. To collect quote your Le Club Accorhotels membership number when you book and check-in. Avios will be awarded to your account four to six weeks after your stay. Join Le Club Accorhotels . Don't forget to choose Avios as your reward option and add your Avios membership number to your profile.		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed041	How do I collect with Marriott hotels?	marriot mariott hotel	"You can get up to 2 Avios for every US$1 you spend on qualifying stays. When making a booking or checking in with Marriott, you will need to quote your Marriott Rewards membership number, your points will be credited within 6 weeks of your stay. Join Marriott Rewards . Don't forget to select Avios reward programme as your reward and add your Avios membership number to your profile."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed365	Can I still collect a minimum of 500 Avios on a British Airways flight?		"With the lowest priced tickets you\'ll now collect a minimum of 125 Avios each way, even on our shortest routes, rather than 500 Avios. In Club World/Club Europe and First cabins, the Avios you collect will either remain the same as it is now or increase, depending on the type of ticket you buy."		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										26/01/2015	Alicia Price
za105	"To collect Avios, do I have to be an Avios member already?"	existing	You can start collecting Avios before you even have an Avios account. We will automatically set one up for you as soon as you start collecting with one of our partners. You'll just need to choose Avios as your reward option with your chosen partner. Please click here to view all the ways to collect Avios.If you would like to set up an account before you start collecting click on the Join Now button. 		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										21/03/2014	Emma Simpson
qed367	Whats changing with upgrades?	"flights, upgrades"	"When these changes are introduced, you will be able to upgrade by one cabin using Avios from all World Traveller and Euro Traveller commercial bookings, except the very lowest economy fare classes. This means there will be more opportunities to upgrade than ever before. To upgrade you simply pay the difference between the cabin you've booked and the cabin you want to upgrade to."		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										26/01/2015	Alicia Price
bg234	"To collect Avios, do I have to be an Avios member already?"		You can start collecting Avios before you even have an Avios account. We will automatically set one up for you as soon as you start collecting with one of our partners. You'll just need to choose Avios as your reward option with your chosen partner. Please click here to view all the ways to collect Avios.If you would like to set up an account before you start collecting click on the Join Now button.		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										21/03/2014	Emma Simpson
za98	Can I collect with Avis?	car rental hire	"You can collect Avios on your car hire with Avis. You'll get 1 Avios per R10 spent on Avis car rental, and collect a minimum of 500 Avios per rental. Find out more and book."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										07/07/2014	Alicia Price
za104	How are Avios awarded to my account?		"This differs depending on who you are collecting Avios with:Any Avios collected on your Avios Credit card are automatically added to your Avios account within 8 weeks.With Pick n Pay you need to switch your smartshopper points for Avios. Avios are then added to your account within 30 days.With BP, swipe your Avios card when you pay and Avios will be added to your account within 30 days. To see all the ways to collect with Avios go to the Collect tab on our website."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										19/11/2013	Alicia Price
qed240	Can I collect Avios on everything I buy at Tesco?		"You can exchange all your Clubcard vouchers for Avios. Clubcard Points are awarded for everything you buy in store, except purchases at the tobacco kiosk, sales of lottery tickets, infant milk formula, Esso fuel and prescription medicines, and sent to you as vouchers, that you can exchange for Avios. You must spend over £1 per transaction to collect Clubcard points."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										24/09/2014	Emma Simpson
qed275	How do I collect Avios on train tickets?		You must first log on to the Avios eStore and go to the Holidays & Travel section. Then click on TrainGenius.com and book your tickets.To collect with Heathrow Express tickets you must book through the Heathrow Express page on Avios.com		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										11/10/2013	Alicia Price
za80	Can I use my Avios card to collect Avios with Pick n Pay?	food shopping supermarket points	"At the moment you can only use your Avios card to collect at BP and on flights. You can continue collecting with Pick n Pay by using your smartshopper card to collect smartshopper points when you shop, and by switching your smartshopper points for Avios at a Pick n Pay kiosk. You'll need to pre-link your smartshopper card with your Avios account to be able to switch your points. Link your card."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										03/04/2014	Emma Simpson
qed277	Can I collect Avios with the RAC?		"Yes. You can get up to 4,500 Avios and a policy discount if you're joining for the first time (not renewing). You must join online or by phone via the RAC page"		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										11/10/2013	Alicia Price
qed268	Can I collect with my TSB Avios Credit Card Account?		"You can collect Avios with a TSB Avios Credit Card Account, getting up to 1 Avios for every £1 spent. TSB will link your credit card to your Avios account (or open one for you if you're not yet an Avios member). You'll start to receive Avios 14 days after your first statement. For more information and to apply for a card please click here. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										16/10/2014	Emma Simpson
bg75	Will I get Avios on the Avios travel insurance I've already booked?	insure insured cover protectio	"When you book travel insurance with us, any Avios you collect are added to your account within 14 days of making the booking.So, no matter when you booked your insurance, you'll get Avios as your reward. You can book travel insurance with us on our website or by calling us on 0844 482 0670. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Travel										09/07/2014	
qed289	Where can I use my Companion Ticket?		"You can use your Lloyds Bank Premier Avios Rewards Companion Ticket on British Airways, Flybe, Monarch, Aurigny and Eurostar. For flights, your companion ticket can only be used in Economy Class; for Eurostar it's valid for Standard and Standard Premier.To book Eurostar, please call 0844 49 333 99.To use your voucher for flights, you can book on our website as normal by clicking on the 'Flights' option under our 'Spend' heading. Once you reach the 'Payment details' screen, a message will pop-up to ask if you'd like to use your voucher. If you accept, your booking will be discounted and this will show in your pricing breakdown. If you need any help booking or using your voucher, please call us on 0844 49 333 49. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										23/01/2014	Alicia Price
qed135	Can I use my credit card to collect Avios?	rewards lloyds tsb	"You can collect Avios with an Avios Credit Card Account via Lloyds Bank or TSB, getting up to 1.5 Avios for every £1 spent.  You don't need to do anything, Lloyds or TSB will link your credit card to your Avios account (or open one for you if you're not yet an Avios member).You'll start to receive Avios 14 days after your first statement. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										16/10/2014	Emma Simpson
qed136	Can I collect with my Lloyds Bank Avios Rewards Credit Card Account?	"avios, lloyds, bank, credit, card, rewards"	"You can collect Avios with a Lloyds Bank Avios Rewards Credit Card Account, getting up to 1.25 Avios for every £1 spent. Lloyds will open your Avios account using your name and address and will automatically register your credit card, you'll start to receive Avios 14 days after your first statement."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										15/01/2014	
bg154	How are Avios awarded to my account?	"credit, credited, link"	"This differs depending on who you are collecting your Avios with.With Lloyds or TSB credit card accounts, we will add any Avios you collect through them to your Avios account within 28 days. Lloyds or TSB will automatically link your credit card to your Avios account (or open one for you if you're not yet an Avios member).With Tesco, you need to exchange your Clubcard vouchers for Avios. Avios will be added to your account within 28 days. Visit our Tesco page to find out how to exchange your vouchers for Avios.With Shell, pick up a Shell Drivers' Club card at any Shell station and select Avios as your reward. Avios will then be credited automatically to your account each quarter. Again, we'll match up your account details, so once you've selected Avios as your chosen reward on your Shell account, you won't need to do anything further.To find out more about these or any of our other collection opportunities, go to Collect Avios on our website and click on the relevant company."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										16/10/2014	Emma Simpson
qed180	How do I collect Avios with eStore?	"staples, play.com, itunes, currys, argos, debenhams, asos, traingenius, apple, boots, john lewis, sky, eshop, shopping, staples, curry, matalan, mothercare, dominos pizza, amazo"	"You need to be logged into your Avios account first and then visit the retailers website via our eStore' You can reach our eStore via the 'Collect' page of our website. Once you've made your purchase, eStore will award your eligible Avios into your account within 35 days."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										04/07/2016	Alicia Price
qed274	Can I collect Avios on train tickets?	rail mytrainticket train genius raileasy rail virgin trains	"Yes, you can collect when you book tickets with Raileasy, TrainGenius or Virgin Trains via our eStore. To collect with Heathrow Express tickets you must book through the Heathrow Express page on Avios.com. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										04/07/2016	Alicia Price
qed237	Can I collect Avios by shopping online?	"estore, online shopping, john lewis, asos, groupon, apple, currys, argos, harrods, house of fraser, debenhams, boden, train genius, halfords, hotels.com, selfridges, white goods, electricals, clothing, shop, wiggle, m&s, boden, asos, hotels.com, booking.com, debenhams, groupon, very, dominos pizza, sky, interflora, littlewoods, just eat, o2, food, takeaway"	"Yes. To collect Avios while shopping online, log in to your Avios account and go to the online shop via our Avios eStore.  If you visit a retailer's site directly, without having first logged into the Avios website and clicked through from our eStore, we'll be unable to track your purchases and won't be able to add your Avios to your account."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										04/07/2016	Alicia Price
qed298	Which airlines can I collect with?		"You can earn up to 1 Avios for every 1 mile flown when you book cash flights with British Airways or Iberia. You can check how many Avios you will earn for your flight by visiting our Avios Calculator. To collect Avios just add your Member ID (digits 7-15 of your membership number - you can find this in 'My Account') to your booking by visiting ba.com/iberia.com. You can make your BA or Iberia booking through any booking agent including your local travel agent, just give them your Member ID to add to your booking."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										15/01/2014	
qed299	Can I still collect Avios if I've already booked my flight with British Airways or Iberia?		"If you have already booked your flights you can add your Member ID to your booking at the 'Manage my booking' page on ba.com/iberia.com, alternatively contact your booking agent and they will be able to add this for you. Your member ID is a shortened version of your membership number and is highlighted on your membership card."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										13/12/2013	Alicia Price
qed288	Where can I use my Upgrade Voucher?		"You can use your Upgrade Voucher on any British Airways route (but not code share services operated by other airlines) to upgrade by one cabin class.If you're booking a brand new flight, you can book online as normal (selecting the upgraded class that you wish to book in) and check the relevant box to confirm you wish to use the voucher. This option will appear on the 'Payment details' page. If you need any help booking your flights or using your voucher, please call us on 0844 49 333 49. If you'd like to use your voucher to upgrade an existing, eligible flight that you've booked directly with us, please call us on 0844 49 333 99. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										15/01/2014	
qed341	Will I still collect Avios if Ive already sent you my gadget?		You can still collect Avios on any gadget that you received a quote for before 9 July and that we receive by 31 July.Any gadgets we receive after this date will be returned to the sender.		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										09/07/2014	Alicia Price
qed271	Do I have to pay an annual fee for the TSB Avios Credit Card Account?		There is no annual fee for the TSB Avios Credit Card Account and no minimum monthly spend required.  There are no credit card charges when you make a booking through Avios. 		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										22/08/2014	Emma Simpson
qed128	Do I have to pay an annual fee for the Lloyds Bank Avios Rewards Credit Card Account?		There is a £24 annual fee for the Lloyds Bank Avios Rewards Credit Card Account with no minimum monthly spend required. There are no credit card charges when you make a booking through Avios. 		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										22/08/2014	Emma Simpson
qed113	What if my Avios Cash Passport Card is declined?		"This should only happen when you don't have enough money on the card to cover the cost of the purchase (although you may be able to use the money you do have on the Card to make a partial payment, if the merchant support it - see above). Be aware that some retailers such as restaurants, petrol stations and mail order companies, may require the Card to have an available balance greater than the purchase amount before they will authorise the payment. Your Avios Cash Passport may also be declined in situations such as purchasing goods on certain kinds of transport (i.e. airplane), as the merchant may not be able to go online to verify your card."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										16/08/2013	George
qed107	How can I check my balance on my Avios Cash Passport?		"Register your new Avios Cash Passport online here or call one of the Card Services numbers on the back of your card to check your balance.  You may also be able to make a balance enquiry at some cash machines, although availability is dependent on the country and the cash machine used. There may be a fee payable (to the cash machine operator) for balance enquiries. If a cash machine displays a balance for the card, then this may be displayed in a different currency, in which case the exchange rate applied may be different to ours and discrepancies can arise. A cash machine will not display a separate balance for each currency. An accurate balance for each currency can be obtained through 'My Account' only. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										22/08/2014	Emma Simpson
qed127	How widely accepted is American Express?		"Actually, American Express® is much more widely accepted than many people think. It's accepted at nearly 80% of retailers (big ones and little ones), and in millions of establishments around the world. Most UK supermarkets, high street retailers, hotels, fuel stations and airlines accept American Express®. You'll probably find, wherever you use your current credit card, you can use American Express®."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										16/08/2013	George
qed347	How do I collect with Rocketmiles?		"When you book a hotel on rocketmiles.com/avios you'll be awarded between 1,000 - 5,000 Avios per night. We'll then add these Avios to your account 5 days after the end of your stay."		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										16/10/2014	Emma Simpson
bg55	How many Avios can I collect with SSE?	"SSE, southern electric, SWALEC, scottish hydro, avios energy"	"If you already collect Avios with SSE (also known as Southern Electric, SWALEC or Scottish hydro) this will continue at 1,000 Avios for every year you stay on the Avios Energy tariff if you joined before 23 February 2009. If you have any queries, please contact SSE on 0800 389 3896 or  see the Avios SSE page."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										17/10/2013	Alicia Price
qed141	Can I collect on flights?	earn BA IB frequent flyer tier eligible qatar virgin emirates airlines airline oneworld qantas quantas flybe	"You can collect Avios on flights when you book directly with British Airways, Iberia or Flybe. British Airways: Book directly with British Airways using full cash or part-payment and you'll collect Avios based on the distance you fly - depending on your travel class you could get up to 2 Avios for every mile you fly.Flybe: Pay in cash and collect Avios basedon the amount you spend - depending on the ticket type you purchase you'll get up to 4 Avios for every £1 you spend.Iberia: Pay in cash and collect Avios basedon the distance you fly - depending on your travel class you could get up to 2 Avios for every mile you fly.Which ever airline you fly with - make sure you add your membership ID to your booking (That's digits 7 - 15 of your membership number)."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										03/11/2014	Emma Simpson
qed340	Can I still collect with Avios Recycling?	Recycling	Unfortunately the Avios Recycling partnership is no longer available to our customers.		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										14/08/2015	Alicia Price
qed050	Can I buy foreign currency using my Lloyds Bank Avios Rewards American Express Credit Card?	amex 	"Yes, as long as you have cash access activated on your card and you have not exceeded your cash limit.Remember too that your Avios Rewards Credit Card doesn't charge you foreign transaction fees when you use it abroad. And you still earn up to 1.25 Avios for every £1 you spend while you're there. Please note, you're not eligible to collect Avios when buying currency as this counts as a cash withdrawal.  "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										16/10/2014	Emma Simpson
za87	How do I collect Avios at Pick n Pay?		"You can collect with Pick n Pay by using your smartshopper card to collect smartshopper points when you shop. To collect Avios with Pick n Pay, you'll need to pre-link your smartshopper card. Click here to visit our Pick n Pay page and link your card. Once you've registered, please allow 5 days for Pick n Pay to create your account. You'll then be able to switch your points at a Pick n Pay kiosk. "		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										29/08/2014	Emma Simpson
qed276	Can I collect Avios on Heathrow Express?		"Yes, you can receive up to 400 Avios when you book through the Heathrow Express page. Please note Avios will not be awarded for purchases at stations or on-board. Avios will be credited to your account within 21 days of your outbound travel date. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										16/10/2014	Emma Simpson
za82	Can I use my existing Avios account to collect at Pick n Pay?		"Yes you can, and there's no need to set up a new Avios account if you already have one. To collect Avios with Pick n Pay, you'll need to pre-link your smartshopper card with your Avios account. Please allow 5 days for Pick n Pay to update your account and you'll then be able to switch your points at a Pick n Pay kiosk. Please click here to link your card here.  "		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										29/08/2014	Emma Simpson
qed307	Can I collect Avios with e-Rewards?	"e-Rewards, erewards"	"Yes you can. It's easy to collect Avios by sharing your opinions. Complete e-Rewards online surveys and you'll receive Opinion Points, which can be converted to Avios. The more surveys you complete, the more Opinion Points you'll receive.Visit the  Avios e-Rewards page  to find out more."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										14/08/2015	Alicia Price
qed309	How do I convert my opinion points to Avios with e-Rewards?	"e-Rewards, e rewards, erewards"	"You'll receive Opinion Points for the surveys you complete. Once you've earned enough Opinion Points, simply sign in to your e-Rewards account, visit the  Reward Centre and exchange your Opinion points for Avios. Avios will be credited to your account within 35 days.  "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										14/08/2015	Alicia Price
qed292	How long will my companion ticket voucher be valid for?		"Your companion voucher is valid for 12 months from the date of issue. You must book before the expiry date, however you can travel after this date. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										29/08/2014	Emma Simpson
bg153	How do I start collecting Avios?	ectar	"It depends where you want to collect Avios. The best place to start is on the Collect Avios tab on our website, this shows all the ways you can collect Avios on your everyday shopping. Just pick a place to collect, click on the link and see how to start getting Avios with them."		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										14/08/2015	Alicia Price
qed291	How long will my Upgrade Voucher be valid for?		"Your upgrade voucher will be valid for 12 months from the date of issue. Your booking must be made within the 12 month period, after which time the voucher will expire and will not be replaced or extended. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										29/08/2014	Emma Simpson
bg19	Where can I collect Avios?	"collection collecting how, nectar"	"You can collect Avios in all sorts of places and in many different ways.  Some of our most popular collection opportunities are listed below. You can view all the ways to collect Avios on our 'Collect' pages, which you can access by clicking here.   Shopping at Tesco - exchanging Clubcard vouchers for Avios. Filling up on Shell fuel - exchanging Shell Drivers' Club points for Avios. With selected credit card accounts - see the different credit card options here. Shopping online at any of the popular UK shops available via our Avios eStore. By flying with British Airways or Iberia - find out more about collecting Avios on flights here. And we're always looking for new and exciting ways for you to collect. We regularly have bonus and promotional offers for you to boost your Avios balance. Keep an eye on our Collect pages for our latest collection offers.  "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										14/08/2015	Alicia Price
qed165	Can I collect Avios on all products and services available through the Avios eStore?		"With most retailers in the Avios eStore, you can collect Avios on any product; however, some exceptions exist. To see if any products or services are excluded for your chosen retailer, click on the store name or logo on the eStore page of our website and we'll take you to the store's terms and conditions, which will show any products or services excluded from the offer. You cannot collect Avios for gift vouchers, gift cards, gift certificates, VAT or delivery charges."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										16/08/2013	George
za84	How much can I collect with Pick n Pay?		"You can collect 1 Avios for every 8 smartshopper points you switch. You can switch your smartshopper points for Avios at a Pick n Pay kiosk. You'll need to pre-link your smartshopper card with your Avios account to be able to switch your points. You'll need a minimum of 800 smartshopper points to do this. Smartshopper points can be exchanged for Avios in bundles of 800, 1600, 2400 and 3200. Please click here to link your card. "		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										29/08/2014	Emma Simpson
qed177	How will my eStore order be shipped?		"All stores in the eStore are responsible for their own shipping policies. To view shipping costs, delivery times and returns policies, please refer to the individual store's website."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										16/08/2013	George
bg60	How many Avios can I collect  with RUBiS?		"You'll get 40 Avios for every 25 litres of Rubis fuel when you swipe your RUBiS card in the Channel Islands. If you've not registered your card yet, just call Jersey: 01534 709800 or Guernsey: 01481 200800 and ask for your RUBiS points to be turned into Avios. We'll then turn your RUBiS points into Avios and add them to your Avios account monthly.  "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										29/08/2014	Emma Simpson
qed138	How many Avios can I collect with Lloyds Bank?	duo credit card american express amex mastercard lloyds	"You can collect Avios with the Lloyds Bank Avios Rewards Credit Card. You can earn:1.25 Avios per £1 spent* on a Lloyds Bank Avios Rewards American Express® Card1.25 Avios per £5 spent* on a Lloyds Bank Avios Rewards MasterCard® CardWhen you've opened your Lloyds Bank Avios Rewards card, Lloyds will automatically link your credit cards with your Avios account. They'll find your account using your name and address, if you've not got an account with us they'll set you one up. You'll start to receive Avios 14 days after your first statement.*Eligible purchases do not include cash withdrawals, money transfers, cheques, interest, fees or charges, transactions at casinos, betting outlets or bookmakers or payments to offline or online current , savings, sharetrading, spread betting, gambling or any other similar account."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										29/06/2016	Daniel Patterson
qed142	Can I collect more if I'm flying in a premium cabin?	"business, first, class, economy, upgraded, cabi"	"On BritishAirways and Iberia you'll earn 25% extra if you book Premium Economy, 50% moreif you choose Business and then Double Avios if you fly in First. On Flybeyou'll collect 2 Avios for every £1 you spend on a 'Just fly' or 'Get more'ticket. If you upgrade your ticket to 'All In' you'll collect 4 Avios for every£1 you spend.This appliesto cash fares only where Avios haven't been used towards the booking."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										27/10/2014	Alicia Price
qed351	Can I collect more if I'm flying in a premium cabin?	"business, first, class, economy, upgraded, cabi"	"On BritishAirways and Iberia you\'ll earn 25% extra if you book Premium Economy, 50% moreif you choose Business and then Double Avios if you fly in First.This appliesto cash fares only where Avios haven\'t been used towards the booking."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										27/10/2014	Alicia Price
za103	Where can I collect Avios?	collection collecting how	"You can collect Avios in lots of places on your everyday shopping and more. For example, shopping at Pick n Pay and switching your smartshopper points to Avios; filling up on BP fuel and swiping your Avios Card when you pay; and using an Avios Credit Card, supported by ABSA. There are more ways to collect too - check out all of our collection partners."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										28/04/2014	Alicia Price
qed140	Can I still collect Avios if I've already booked my flights?	flown travelled	"If you have already booked your flights you can add your Member ID (that's digital 7 - 15 of your membership number to your booking via the 'Manage my booking' page on www.ba.com, www.flybe.com or www.iberia.com.You can view your membership number under the My Account section of our website once you have logged in.If you believe you are missing Avios please click here to make a claim »"		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										27/10/2014	Alicia Price
qed159	Can I collect Avios at shops that aren't on the Avios eStore page?	"online retailer shopping, estore"	"You can only collect Avios with online stores listed on our eStore page. Remember, you need to log in and visit the retailer's website via our eStore to collect Avios. We're always adding new online shops to our eStore, so if you can't find the one you want, please check again soon. To see all the stores that are currently available for you to collect Avios from via our eStore, please click here. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										12/04/2016	Matthew Brown
qed182	How quickly will I get the Avios I collect through eStore?		"Avios collected through eStore retailers are added to your account within 35 days. If you don't receive your Avios within 35 days, please fill in our Missing Avios Form. You can reach this by clicking here, just make sure that you're signed into your account. When you have reached the main Avios eStore page, you'll see the Missing Avios form on the right handside of the page."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										12/04/2016	Matthew Brown
qed355	Will I collect Avios on all passengers on my Flybe flight?		"No, you will only collect Avios for the cost of your own ticket."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										27/10/2014	Alicia Price
qed238	How many Avios can I collect by online shopping?		You'll collect a different amount of Avios depending which store you're shopping with - getting up to 12 Avios for every £1 spent.		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										16/08/2013	George
qed246	What address do I send the Tesco voucher to?		"It is quicker to exchange your Tesco vouchers online. However, you can post them to the below address; Avios will be credited to your account within 28 days:  Tesco Freetime PO Box 654 Crawley RH10 1RG."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										16/08/2013	George
qed293	Can I use my Companion Ticket Voucher and Upgrade Voucher together in one booking?		"No, the Companion Ticket Voucher cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer or voucher."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										04/12/2013	Alicia Price
qed198	Can I collect with Shell?	avios card drivers club petrol fuel v power shell	"Yes, you can. You can collect 10 Avios for every 20 litres* of Shell fuel or 20 Avios for every 20 litres of V-Power Nitro+ fuel.How to collect Avios with Shell:Pick up a card: If you aren't already a Shell Drivers' Club member, you can get a ready-to-use Shell Drivers' Club card from a participating Shell Service Station.  Find your nearest station.Register and opt in Register online at www.shell.co.uk/driversclubOr complete a registration form (available at participating Shell Service Stations).Don't forget to opt in to Avios to get your 50 bonus Avios (These will appear on your account within 28 days of your registration with Shell Drivers' Club).Once you've selected Avios as your chosen reward via your Shell Drivers' Club account, we'll start turning your Shell Drivers' Club points into Avios for you.Avios will be credited at set, quarterly intervals:When Avios is addedFill up inAvios added inJan/Feb/MarJuneApr/May/JunSeptemberJul/Aug/SepDecemberOct/Nov/DecMarchIf you're missing any Avios from Shell, please get in touch with us. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed248	Do I need an Avios account to collect Avios with Tesco?		"Yes. But don't worry if you don't have one yet, Tesco will open an Avios account for you the first time you exchange your Clubcard vouchers for Avios. After that, every time you exchange vouchers for Avios, they'll be added to the same account automatically."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										16/08/2013	George
qed196	Can I collect Avios with my Shell Drivers' Club card?	drivers petrol fuel driver	"Yes, you can. You can collect 10 Avios for every 20 litres* of Shell fuel or 20 Avios for every 20 litres of V-Power Nitro+ fuel.How to collect Avios with Shell:Pick up a cardIf you aren't already a Shell Drivers' Club member, you can get a ready-to-use Shell Drivers' Club card from a participating Shell Service Station. Find your nearest station.Register and opt inRegister online at www.shell.co.uk/driversclubOr complete a registration form (available at participating Shell Service Stations).Don't forget to opt in to Avios to get your 50 bonus Avios (these will appear on your account within 28 days of your registration with Shell Drivers' Club).Get AviosOnce you've selected Avios as your chosen reward via your Shell Drivers' Club account, we'll start turning your Shell Drivers' Club points into Avios for you.Avios will be credited at set, quarterly intervals. Please see table below:Fill up in:             Avios on account in:  Jan/Feb/March    June  Apr/May/Jun       September Jul/Aug/Sep        December Oct/Nov/Dec      March If you're missing any Avios from Shell, please get in touch with us. *Standard earn rate not including any bonus offers."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed296	How do I collect Avios on flights?	earn flown travelled collect flights	" You can get Avios when you book a cash flight with British Airways and Iberia. To collect, simply add your Member ID number to your booking or give it to your booking agent. Your member ID is a shorter version of your membership number (digits 7-15 of your membership number). If you've already flown and would like to claim Avios for flights you've taken in the last 6 months, please follow the below steps:  Log-in to your account on www.Avios.com.Move the cursor to 'Collect' and wait for the menu to appear. Click on 'Flights', under the heading 'Collect as you travel'.Scroll to the bottom of the page and click the 'Claim missing Avios' button.Enter the required information and click 'Submit my query'. Your claim will be sent to the airline who will reply to you directly. You can only submit claims for flights flown in the last 6 months. If you weren't an Avios member at the time of travel you can set up an account and claim your Avios within 3 months of your flight. To get started and join Avios, please click here. Once you've set up your account we can help you claim any eligible Avios from the airline. All you need to do is email help@avios.com and we'll be happy to help."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										10/03/2015	Alicia Price
qed280	How do I earn my Companion Ticket Voucher?	lloyds free companion ticket voucher	"You'll get a Companion Ticket Voucher with our latest Premier Avios Rewards Credit Card when you spend £12,000 in one year. You can claim one Companion Ticket a year (starting the date your account opened).To use your voucher, you can book on our website as normal. Once you reach the 'Payment details' screen, a message will pop-up to ask if you'd like to use your voucher. If you accept, your booking will be discounted and this will show in your pricing breakdown. If you need any help booking, using your voucher or are unsure of which credit card you have please contact us."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed048	Where can I find an American Express bureau de change?		"American Express has bureaux in these UK airport terminals: London Heathrow Terminal 1London Heathrow Terminal 3London Heathrow Terminal 4Edinburgh Birmingham You can also collect Avios when purchasing foreign currency and Travellers Cheques at Gatwick Airport and London Heathrow Terminal 5 from Moneycorp -an American Express partner. Unfortunately, you cannot order online to collect at Gatwick or London Heathrow Terminal 5 at this stage."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										16/08/2013	George
qed279	Do I get charged for using my Avios Rewards Credit Card abroad?	lloyds foreign transaction fees abroad	"If you have our latest Lloyds Bank Avios Rewards Credit Card, you have no foreign transaction fees. If you're unsure of which card you have, please contact us."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed297	"If I've already flown, can I still collect Avios for my flight?"	claim missing received retro retrospective backdate previous past	"If you've already travelled, you can submit a claim retrospectively for each separate flight sector by following the process below: Log-in to your account on Avios.com.Move the cursor to 'Collect' and wait for the menu will appear. Click on 'Flights', under the heading 'Collect as you travel'.Scroll to the bottom of the page and click the 'Claim missing Avios' button.Enter the required information and click 'Submit my query'. Your claim will be sent to the airline who will reply to you directly. You can only submit claims for flights flown in the last 6 months.If you weren't an Avios member at the time of travel you can set up an account and claim your Avios within 3 months of your flight. To get started and join Avios, please click here.Once you've set up your account we can help you claim any eligible Avios from the airline. All you need to do is email help@avios.com "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										10/03/2015	Alicia Price
qed295	Can I collect on flights?		"You can collect Avios on flights with British Airways and Iberia when you pay cash (rather than using your Avios to book). The amount you collect is based on the distance you fly - you'll get at least 1,000 Avios for a return flight. You can make your booking directly with Avios or via a travel agent, just add your Member ID before you fly (digits 7-15 of your membership number - you can find this in 'My Account')"		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										05/12/2013	Alicia Price
qed353	How do I collect Avios with Flybe?		"If you're not already a member of the Avios Travel Rewards Programme you will need to join before you can collect.Click here to join Avios.In your online account you'll find a membership number. To collect, simply add your Member ID (digits 7 - 15 of your membership number) to your Flybe flight booking.If you've already flown and would like to claim Avios for flights you've taken in the last 40 days. Click here to see how to claim."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
za93	Do I have to pay a fee for the ABSA Avios Credit Card?	free charge monthly initial annual	There is an initial fee of R120 and then R35 monthly. Find out more about the Avios Credit Card.There is no fee to become a member of Avios Travel Rewards.		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
za99	Can I collect with Lew Geffen Sothebys International Realty?	property house 	You can collect Avios when you sell your property with Lew Geffen Sotheby's Realty. You'll collect 2 Avios for every R100 from your sale. Find out more about collecting with Lew Geffen Sotheby's Realty.		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
za85	How many Avios can I collect when I exchange Pick n Pay smartshopper points?		"You can collect 1 Avios for every 8 smartshopper points you switch. You can switch your smartshopper points for Avios at a Pick n Pay kiosk. You'll need to pre-link your smartshopper card with your Avios account to be able to switch your points. You'll need a minimum of 800 smartshopper points to do this. Smartshopper points can be exchanged for Avios in bundles of 800, 1600, 2400 and 3200. Please link your card here. "		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										26/08/2014	Emma Simpson
qed294	Can I collect Avios in the UK?		"If you want to have an Avios UK account, you'll need to have a UK address and sign up separately with Avios UK . We can't combine UK and South African Avios accounts. If you're going to be moving permanently to the UK then please email help@avios.com. "		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										10/03/2015	Alicia Price
qed327	Which British Airways subsidiaries and franchises can I collect Avios with?		"You can collect Avios with British Airways as well as their subsidiaries and franchises. These include Comair, SUN-AIR, BA CityFlyer and OpenSkies flights.BA CityFlyer is owned by British Airways, and flies to a number of exciting UK and European destinations from London City Airport, such as Edinburgh, Amsterdam and Madrid.OpenSkiesis owned by British Airways, and flies non-stop from Paris-Orly to New York, both Newark and JFK.Comair Pty Ltdis a British Airways franchise based in Johannesburg, South Africa. Comair serves a wide variety of destinations across southern Africa, including Cape Town and Durban.SUN-AIR of Scandinavia A/S is a British Airways franchise operating flights across Europe from their base in Billund, Denmark. SUN-AIR fly to the UK as well as Sweden, Norway, Belgium, Germany and Finland."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
za148	Will I get Avios on the Avis car rental I've already booked?	"car rental, car hire"	"When you book car rental with us, any Avios you collect are added to your account within 28 days of you returning the car.So, no matter when you booked your car hire, you'll get Avios as your reward."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Travel										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
za89	How do I switch my Pick n Pay smartshopper points for Avios?		"You can switch your smartshopper points for Avios at a Pick n Pay kiosk. You'll need to pre-link your smartshopper card with your Avios account to be able to do this.  Please allow up to 5 days before switching your smartshopper points. Once you've switched your points, your Avios will be on your account within 10 days. Please click here to link your card. "		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										26/08/2014	Emma Simpson
bg43	Can I collect when I buy a case of wine from Laithwaites?		"For your first wine order with Laithwaites, you'll receive 1000 Avios and for every case after this, you'll receive 250 Avios.For more information click here."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
za90	Can I collect with ABSA?	credit card	"You can collect Avios with an Avios Credit Card, supported by ASBA. You'll collect 1 Avios for every R10 you spend, and 2 Avios for every R10 spent at Pick n Pay and BP. If you're already an existing credit card holder through ABSA, please contact them as you may be able to switch to the Avios credit card. You can call ABSA on 0861 4 28467. Click here for more information and apply for the card."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed247	Can I use my existing Avios account to collect at Tesco?	tescos	"Yes you can, there's no need to set up a new Avios account. If you already have one, Tesco will convert your Clubcard points into Avios using your name and address details. Please visit our Tesco page to find out more information on how to convert your Clubcard Vouchers or to automatically opt in."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
za83	Do I need an Avios account to collect Avios with Pick n Pay?		"Yes, but don't worry if you're not a member already; it's quick and easy to join Avios. To collect Avios with Pick n Pay, you'll need to pre-link your smartshopper card.Click here to visit our Pick n Pay page to get started. Once you've registered, please allow 5 days for Pick n Pay to create your account. You'll then be able to switch your points at a Pick n Pay kiosk."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed100	How do I close my Avios Cash Passport account?		"If you would prefer not to keep your card for another trip, you can withdraw your remaining balance from an ATM displaying the MasterCard Acceptance Mark. Alternatively, you can get your money refunded, by calling Card Services on 0845 300 2449 or +44 1733 457630 (from abroad). An administrative fee may apply (see your Terms and Conditions for details) and you may be required to provide identification."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										12/02/2014	Alicia Price
qed241	Can I collect with Tesco?	clubcard collect exchange	"You can pick up Avios using your Tesco Clubcard - just pick Avios as your reward when you exchange your Tesco Clubcard vouchers and we'll add your Avios to your account. To find out more about exchanging your Clubcard vouchers to Avios, visit our Tesco page. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										27/11/2013	
za91	How many Avios can I collect with my ABSA Avios Credit Card?		"You'll collect 1 Avios for every R10 you spend, and 2 Avios for every R10 spent at Pick n Pay and BP. To find out more information and apply for the card, please click here. You can use your Avios Credit Card to pay at BP and Pick n Pay to collect 2 Avios for every R10 spent (double the usual Credit Card collection rate). That's in addition to the Avios you collect for the fuel you buy or smartshopper points you switch."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
za94	How many Avios can I collect with BP?	fuel petrol garage 	You'll collect 1 Avios for every 2 litres of BP fuel. Just swipe your Avios card when you pay. You'll need to activate your card before any Avios can be added to your account. Please allow up to 30 days for Avios to reach your account. You can pick a card up at most BP service stations. Please note that Avios will not be awarded on fuel transactions equal to or exceeding 200 litres per transaction.Please click here to activate your card.		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg63	Can I collect in the Channel Islands?		"You can collect Avios in the Channel Islands with a Lloyds Avios Credit Card and on fuel at Rubis.You can also collect Avios on Avis car hire, your foreign currency and at top online shops.  Please click here for information"		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed132	Can I collect with Lloyds Bank?	amex mastercard master bank credit card credit	"You can collect Avios with a Lloyds Bank Avios Rewards Credit Card Account, getting up to 1.25 Avios for every £1 spent. Lloyds will link your credit card to your Avios account (or open one for you if you're not yet an Avios member). For more information and to apply for a card please click here. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg32	Can I collect with Avis?	car hire rental	"You can collect Avios on your car hire with Avis - or spend them to get savings or free car hire. You'll get 3 Avios per £1 spent on Avis car rental, with a minimum of 500 Avios per rental - and we'll still have special bonus offers throughout the year. Find out more and book here. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										27/11/2013	
qed197	Can I collect with Shell V-Power Nitro+ ?	avios card	You can collect twice the points of the standard Shell Drivers' Club when you buy Shell V-Power Nitro +. You'll collect 20 Avios for every 20 litres. For more information click here.		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg34	Can I collect Avios on travel money?	currency 	Your travel money can get you rewards - you can collect Avios when you order American Express Currency Exchange or with our Avios Cash Passport.		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										27/11/2013	
qed143	How do I collect Avios on flights?	Already Flown 	"You can get Avios when you book directly with British Airways, Flybe and Iberia. To collect, simply add your Member ID (that's digits 7 - 15 of your membership number) to your booking. If you've recently flown you may be able to claim Avios back from your flight. Click here to see how to claim.Not a member? To get started and join Avios, please click here.Once you've set up your account we can help you claim any eligible Avios from the airline."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
za92	Can I use my credit card to collect Avios?	ABSA earn points bank	"You can collect Avios with an Avios Credit Card, supported by ASBA. You'll collect 1 Avios for every R10 you spend, and 2 Avios for every R10 spent at Pick n Pay and BP. Please click here to find out more information and apply for the card. If you're already an existing credit card holder through ABSA, please contact them as you may be able to switch to the Avios Credit Card. You can call ABSA on 0861 4 28467."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg42	Can I collect Avios with RUBiS?	rubis	"You can fill up your Avios balance at the pump by exchanging your RUBiS points. It's an easy way for our members in the Channel Islands to collect.If you're already doing this, you won't need to do anything different - whether you've chosen to get them automatically or call RUBiS each month, we'll just turn your points into Avios for you instead.If you're not collecting on fuel yet, pick up a RUBiS card next time you fill up. You can find out more on our RUBiS page."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										27/11/2013	
bg44	Can I collect when I book a holiday?		"We've got the UK's favourite holiday companies on board - so you can collect Avios when you book a holiday with top names like Kuoni and Thomas Cook through us and pay in cash.When you book a holiday with us, any Avios you collect are added to your account within 28 days of your return journey.So, no matter when you booked your holiday, you'll get Avios as your reward from now on. Have a look at our Holidays collection page to find out more. To book your holiday with us and collect Avios, call us on 0844 49 333 49. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Travel										27/11/2013	
qed121	How does the Avios Cash Passport work?	currency	"The Avios Cash Passport is a prepaid currency card. You 'load' your holiday spending money onto it in advance, and then use it to get cash quickly and safely at any of the millions of worldwide ATMs that display the MasterCard Acceptance Mark. You can also use your Card to pay for goods and services at any worldwide shops, restaurants and entertainment venues that take MasterCard. It works just like a debit or credit card, but you'll be collecting Avios each time you load or reload your Cash Passport."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										27/11/2013	
qed350	When will I receive my Avios Credit Card?	"avios credit card, ABSA, credit card"	"It can take up to 10 working days for you to receive your Avios Credit Card. This depends if all required documents have been received, if there are any problems ABSA will contact you directly. Your card will be delivered to your preferred address or collected from your local branch [if this is what you requested on your application]. If you would like to check on the status of your Credit Card application please contact ABSA directly on 0861 4 28467. "		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Collection Information	Collection Query										22/10/2014	
bg37	Can I collect with SSE?	"SSE, scottish hyrdo, SWALEC, southern electric, avios energy"	"Our Avios offer with SSE (also known as Southern Electric, SWALEC or Scottish hydro) has ended for new members. If you already collect Avios with SSE and joined the tariff before 23 February 2009, this will continue for every year that you stay on the Avios Energy tariff. If you have any queries, please contact SSE on 0800 389 3896."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										11/07/2014	Emma Simpson
qed264	Can I still collect as an existing Bupa member?		"If you already collect with Bupa and purchased a policy before 31 August 2013 through Avios, you'll still earn Avios until the end of the second year. After this, your cover will continue but you will no longer earn Avios. Bupa will contact you to ensure you are on the right plan to meet your needs. If you are a current Bupa health insurance member and need to make a claim or have any queries relating to your policy, you should contact Bupa on 0845 609 0777."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										11/07/2014	Emma Simpson
qed384	How much Avios can I collect on flights?	"collect, flights"	"You can collect Avios on cash tickets booked with British Airways, Flybe and Iberia. The amount you'll collect is based on the distance you fly, cabin class and fare type.Find out more about collecting with British AirwaysFind out more about collecting with FlybeFind out more about collecting with Iberia"		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Query										27/04/2015	Alicia Price
qed146	What is 'Avios on Flights'?		"You can collect Avios on flights with British Airways and Iberia when you pay cash (rather than using your Avios to book). And the amount you collect is based on the distance you fly - in fact you'll get at least 1,000 Avios for a return flight. You can make your booking directly with Avios or via a travel agent, just add your Member ID before you fly. We're going to be adding more airlines as we go, so keep an eye on your emails for more news. Sign up here if you're not getting our emails."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Collection Opportunities										27/11/2013	
bg74	Will I get Avios on the Avis car hire I've already booked?		"When you book car hire with us, any Avios you collect are added to your account within 28 days of you returning the car.So, no matter when you booked your car hire, you'll get Avios as your reward. Find out how to collect with Avis."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Collection Information	Travel										27/11/2013	
bg180	I thought I was collecting Avios - why aren't they showing on my account?	missing appeared lost received where retrospective backdate retro claim claiming credited credit uncredited points	"It may be that you were collecting with one of our old partners. If so, they might not offer Avios anymore. We have lots of ways to collect, click the 'Collect' tab to see them all. Or perhaps the Avios you've collected recently haven't reached your account yet. It can take up to 35 days for Avios to reach your account depending on who you're collecting with. If you're still waiting for your Avios to reach your account, please use our Missing Avios tool to find out how to query your missing Avios. You can check your balance and transactions in My Account. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Expiry	Don't lose your Avios										19/09/2014	Emma Simpson
za54	Do Avios expire?	"expiry, last, lose, end, terminate, valid, validity, life, 36, months, fall away"	"The Avios in your account won't expire as long as you collect or spend with us within a 36-month period.Not only that - as long as you've collected an Avios in the 12 months before booking, you'll get our Reward Flight Saver, which means we'll pay your airline taxes, fees and carrier charges for British Airways domestic and regional flights. You just pay the Avios and R350 pp one-way in economy (or where available R375 Premium, R400 Business and R450 First Class)."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Expiry	Don't lose your Avios										29/07/2014	Emma Simpson
bg179	How do I know if I've been collecting Avios?	"balance, statement"	You can check your Avios balance and transactions whenever you want in 'My Account'. Not registered online yet? Register today.		GBMOB;GBWEB	Expiry	Don't lose your Avios										19/11/2013	
bg71	Do Avios expire?	"Expiry, expire, expires, close, closes, closed, lose, lost, valid, validity, expired, date, limit, time, expiration, cease, ceased, runout, out"	"Your Avios won't expire as long as you're either collecting or spending with us at least once every 36 months. Have a look under the 'Collect' and 'Spend' headings on our website to see all the ways to collect or spend your Avios. If you don't collect or spend any Avios in over 30 months, you'll receive a message when you log in to your account to let you know that you have a further 6 months in which to collect or spend Avios or your account would expire. If you've collected Avios in the last 12 months, you'll also be eligible for our Reward Flight Saver, which means we'll pay your airline taxes, fees and carrier charges for British Airways flights to European destinations and you just pay the Avios fare and £35 pp return in economy (or where available £40 Premium, £50 Business and £55 First Class)."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Expiry	Don't lose your Avios										20/02/2014	
za149	How do I know if I've been collecting Avios?	balance statement	You can check your Avios balance and transactions whenever you want in 'My Account'.Not registered online yet? Register today by clicking here.		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Expiry	Don't lose your Avios										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed150	Can I use Avios to book hotels?	stays uk hotel	"Yes you can. We have 100s of hotels available all over the world to suit any budget. You can search for &amp; book hotels on our website. Look out for our Preferred Hotels, which we personally hand-pick and check annually. They're given a thumbs up symbol if they offer great quality and value for AviosCan't find what you're looking for? We also work with a company called Superbreak who offer lots of UK and European hotels. You can check their availability by visiting www.superbreak.com. If you see anything you like on their website, you can use your Avios towards the cost by calling our Sales Team on 0844 49 333 99."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										18/07/2014	Alicia Price
qed202	How many people can I include on an Avios family travel insurance policy?		"Our family policy is valid for up to two adults and up to five children (aged 4-18 years). Children must be unmarried, dependant (i.e. living at home) and in full-time education. Children on a family policy are still covered when travelling independently."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										16/08/2013	George
qed204	Am I covered if I travel alone but have a joint Avios travel insurance policy?		"Yes, anyone on your policy can travel independently and still be covered."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										16/08/2013	George
qed206	I need to get annual insurance cover for my 17 year old child - do they pay a child or adult rate?		"If they are booking with an adult who is paying for a full adult premium, they will pay the child rate. If booking alone young adults, aged 16-18 years, who are not in full time education, can get annual insurance at the adult premium."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										16/08/2013	George
bg84	What is the 'Change Fee'?		"We like to give you flexibility - so if you wish to change your Aviosbooking, you can. You'll pay a 'Change Fee' of £35 per person for every changeyou make to a flight, plus any supplier charges. And £35 per product for otherbookings, like car hire and hotels. Please note, some of our hotel andancillary service providers do not allow changes."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	Pricing Information										10/11/2014	Alicia Price
qed209	How do you classify children on travel insurance bookings?		"If you're booking travel insurance with us, the following age classes apply: Children aged under 4 years on the return date of travel are classed as infantsChildren aged 4 to 18 years on the return date of travel are classed aschildrenAdult rates apply from the age of 18 yearsAny infant or child (i.e. under 18 years) must travel with an adult paying the full premium rate to qualify for the infant or child discount."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										16/08/2013	George
za36	What is the 'Change Fee'?		"We like to give you flexibility - so if you wish to change yourAvios booking, you can. You'll pay a Change Fee of R545 per person for everychange you make to a flight, plus any supplier charges. For standalone hotelbookings, the Change Fee is R545, plus any supplier charges. Please note, routechanges can only be made if the flight has been purchased with Avios only (notpart Avios, part cash), and if the new route costs the same amount of Avios asthe original booking."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	Pricing Information										10/11/2014	Alicia Price
qed210	If I have a pre-existing medical condition does it affect my insurance?		"If you have a pre-existing medical condition, please contact our Medical Pre-Screening team on 0845 6582 999 and they'll help with your query."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										16/08/2013	George
qed212	Can I collect and drop off my hire car at different locations?		"Yes; for the majority of our car hire locations, this is absolutely fine. Please call us on 0844 49 333 99, so that we can check availability at your collection and return points and arrange this for you. Some destinations may charge a one-way drop-off fee, which we'll be able to advise you of before you book. Our opening hours are 8am - 8pm Monday to Friday, 9am - 5pm Saturday and 10am - 4pm Sunday."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										16/08/2013	George
za35	What is the 'Cancel Fee'?		"If you need to cancel your Avios Reward flight, you'll pay aCancel Fee of R545 per person, plus any supplier charges. As long as you cancela flight within 24 hours of the first departure time on your booking, yourAvios will be re-credited to your account. Forhotel bookings, you'll pay a Cancel Fee of R545, plus any supplier charges. You'llget a full refund on your Avios if you cancel at least 15 days before yourbooking is due to begin. Cancel within 8-14 days for a 75% refund, and within4-7 days for 50%. No refund will be given if the cancellation is made within 3days of the start date of your booking."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	Pricing Information										10/11/2014	Alicia Price
qed215	Do I need an international driver's licence to book car hire?	"international, Licence"	"An international Driver's Licence is required for most destinations. For guidance, please check with our Customer Contact Centre on 0844 49 333 99."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										16/08/2013	George
qed218	Can I add drivers to my hire car booking?	"additional, hire, driver"	You can usually add additional drivers when you collect your hire car and you'll be charged at the time.		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										16/08/2013	George
qed151	How do I make a Eurostar booking with Avios?	"Eurostar, eurostar, Eurotunnel, tunnel, chunnel, channel, eurotunnel, eurotunnell, euro, star, shuttle, station, stations"	"Eurostar can be booked by calling our Sales Team on 0844 49 333 99. Prices start from 9,000 Avios per person for a return journey (sorry, we can't book one-way trips on Eurostar). You can pay for your fare fully with Avios or with a mixture of Avios and money. Read more about Eurostar with Avios. Eurostar journeys are available from St Pancras, Ashford and Ebbsfleet and can take you to Calais, Lille, Paris, Disneyland Paris and Brussels. We can also offer onward travel to many destinations throughout France and Belgium. The Eurostar is only for foot passengers, but we also offer ferry crossings if you'd like to cross the channel with a vehicle. Give us a call on the number above if you have any queries or questions about either ferry or Eurostar travel."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										23/01/2014	
qed311	Can I book a day return?		"You can book day returns on flights, ferries and Eurostar. For quotes and to book, please call our Sales team on 0844 49 333 49. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										12/02/2014	
qed149	Can I book family rooms through Avios?	room quad triple hotel occupancy	"Yes, you can book quad or family rooms with Avios. The hotel search facility on our website will only return results for hotels that have suitable rooms available, based on the number of adults and children you've selected on the search form. To view all the available room and board options at a particular hotel, click on the orange 'Select this hotel' button. Rooms that sleep 4 or more guests are often more limited than rooms for 1, 2 or 3 guests and aren't available at all hotels. If you need help finding a suitable room for your family, please call us on 0844 49 333 99 and we'll be delighted to help. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										11/12/2013	
bg185	Can I book with you without using my Avios?	"cash, money, collect, pay"	"Yes, you can use money to book flights, and you'll collect Avios on your booking. And use cash for things like hotels, car hire and travel insurance, when you'll collect 5 Avios for every £1 spent. You can even book package holidays with leading companies like First Choice, Kuoni and Thomas Cook through us and collect 5 Avios for every £1 spent. Call us on 0844 49 333 49 for a quote or to book."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	Flights										12/10/2015	Alicia Price
qed336	Can I use my Avios to book for someone else?		"Yes, you can use your Avios to book a flight or anything else for another person.If you\'re booking a flight for someone else, you don\'t need to fly with them, either. To book for another person online, just enter their name and details instead of yours."		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										30/05/2014	Alicia Price
qed325	Which tour and cruise operators can I use my Avios towards?	"azamara, olsen, princess, caribbean, royal, silversea, cunard, river, viking, eurocamp, tour operator, tour operators, cruise, cruising, cruises, book, tour ops, brochure, Butlins, Club Med, Cosmos, Cottages4You, cottages, Cox and Kings, Elegant Resorts, Haven, Hoseasons, Inghams, ITC Classics, Kuoni, Mark Warner, Neilson, Orient Express, Travelsphere, Just You, Shearings, Somehwere2Stay, Thomas Cook, Thomson, Villas, abroad, cruise, cottage, safari, kuoni, thomson, celebrity, packages, all-inclusive, inclusive, summer, florida, iceland, majorca, menorca, mallorca, canaries, honeymoon, thailand, safari, safaris, cruises, cottages4you, safaris, orlando, sharm, egypt, tunisia, inclusive, allinclusive, all-inc, coach, coaching, cottages4u, grand prix, football"	"You can use your Avios to save money on many holidays and cruises offered by the operators listed below*. For an Avios quote or to book, please call us on 0844 49 333 49. Bookings must be made via this number if you wish to use your Avios.UKButlins, Cottages4You, Haven, Hoseasons, Orient Express (Belmond British Pullman and Belmond Northern Belle), Shearings Holidays, Superbreak, Warner Leisure Hotels.Around the worldAirtours. Brittany Ferry Holidays, Club Med, Cosmos, Cox &amp; Kings, Elegant Resorts, Eurocamp, First Choice, Inghams, International Travel Connections, Irish Ferry Holidays, Just You, Kuoni, Manos, Mark Warner, Neilson, Somewhere2Stay, Thomson, Thomas Cook, Thomas Cook Signature, Thomas Cook Sport, Travelsphere, Venice Simplon-Orient-Express,Villas4You.CruiseAzamara Cruises, Celebrity Cruises, Cunard Line, Fred Olsen, Norwegian Cruise Line (NCL), P&amp;O Cruises, Princess Cruises, Royal Caribbean International, Silversea Cruises, Thomson Cruises, Viking River Cruises.*List is correct as of the 01/04/2014. Products and suppliers are subject to change at any time."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										26/09/2014	Emma Simpson
bg99	Can I book one-way flights?	oneway way outside return single non-uk	"Yes, you can. You can book one-way flights with all of our airlines, whether you're departing from the UK or abroad. You can book these using the  'Flights' link, under the Spend tab. From here just enter your flight details and tick the 'One-way' box.To make things nice and simple, you just pay half the price of the standard Avios fare plus your airline taxes, fees and surcharges. To reward our regular collectors we have our Reward Flight Saver. You just pay the Avios fare and £17.50 pp each way (or where available £20 for World Traveller Plus, £25 for Business Class and £27.50 for First Class each way)."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	Flights										23/01/2014	
bg297	Can I book a skiing holiday with you?	"Inghams, Neilson, Club Med, Kuoni, ski, ski-ing, snowboarding, snowboard, snow"	"You can, yes. We offer Ski holidays with Inghams, Neilson, Club Med, Kuoni and Mark Warner. If you have a look through their brochures, once you've found a holiday you like, you can call us for a quote on 0844 49 333 99.You can either use Avios to discount the price or you can pay a full cash price and earn up to 5 Avios for every £1 you spend."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										12/10/2015	Alicia Price
qed152	How do I book a package holiday or cruise through Avios?	"tour operator, tour operators, cruise, cruising, cruises, book, tour ops, brochure, abroad, packages, all-inclusive, inclusive"	"You can either use your Avios to discount the price or you can pay a full money price and collect up to 5 Avios for every £1 you spend. To spend or collect Avios, you must book directly with us on 0844 49 333 49.Many tour operators and cruise lines have late deals and other special offers so call us now for a quote.If you've seen a holiday or cruise that you like, or would like our help planning or finding your holiday, please give our Sales Team a call for an Avios quote and to book on 0844 49 333 99. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										12/10/2015	Alicia Price
bg100	Can I book 'complex journeys'?	"multicity, openjaw, open-jaw, multi-city, twin centre, stopover, stopovers, multi, multiple, multiflights, one-way, oneway, single, trip, sector, multisector, sectors"	"You can book flights to one airport and fly back from another. To book, call us on 0844 49 333 49. You can work out how much you'll pay by halving the return fare for each airport and adding your airline taxes, fees and carrier charges. To see where we fly and the prices for each destination, take a look at our Explorer Map here. Remember, to reward our Regular Collectors, there is our Reward Flight Saver - and you just pay your Avios fare and £17.50 pp each way (or where available £20 Premium, £25 Business and £27.50 First Class) - and we'll pay the airline taxes, fees and charges for you. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	Flights										06/02/2014	
qed318	How far in advance can I book my flights?	"ahead, timescale, timescales, advanced, when, available, availability"	"Most airlines release their seats around 50 weeks before the flight. Avios seats can usually be booked at this time too. On rare occasions it may take a little longer for our allocation of seats to be assigned, so our seats would be put on sale at a later date.Avios seats will be available to book on our website as soon as they become available.You can click here to check availability on our website or by calling our Sales team on 0844 49 333 49*.*Bookings over the phone, which could be made online, will incur a £15 booking fee per product. For flights, this booking fee applies per person."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	Flights										11/04/2014	
bg310	Do I need a passport to travel?		"To travel overseas, citizens of the United Kingdom must be in possession of a full 10 year passport. Please ensure your passport does not expire before your return to the UK: to travel to some countries, your passport needs to be valid for at least six months after your return date. For more information, and to find out what to do if you don't hold a UK passport, please check www.fco.gov.uk."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	"Passport, Visa and Health"										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed213	Are there age limits for drivers on car hire bookings?		"Upper and lower age limits can vary between destinations. Most destinations don't have an upper limit. Click here to contact us via our Live Chat service and we'll be happy to check for you. If you'd prefer to call us, our number's 0844 49 333 49. Our opening hours are 8am - 8pm Monday to Friday, 9am - 5pm Saturday and 10am - 4pm Sunday."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed216	Can I book car hire if I have points on my driving licence?	license	Please contact us to check any restrictions for Avis before you book.		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg309	I am unable to enter my Immigration information via the link you have sent me?	"apis, additional information, flight information, passport, visa, api"	"If we need any additional information from you, a reminder will be sent to you approximately 3 days prior to departure. If your booking is with British Airways and you're unable to use the link which we sent you originally, you can log in to your booking at BA.com and select 'Manage My Booking' instead. This page will allow you to complete your immigration details online and will guide you through the process. If you're travelling with any other airline and are unable to enter your details, please contact us on 0344 49 333 49 and we'll be able to help. If you're a non-UK passport holder, please visit www.fco.gov.uk for further advice."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	"Passport, Visa and Health"										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg98	How much do I pay for taxes?	"tax, airport duty, apd, fees, charges, flight tax, flight taxes, carrier charges, surcharges, surcharge, tfc, tfcs"	"The taxes, fees and carrier charges will vary depending on the particular flight you book. You can find the exact amount for your trip by searching for your flight.We've also come up with a way to help our regular collectors save on taxes, it's called the Reward Flight Saver. If you've collected Avios in the last 12 months, you can book British Airways flights in zones 1-3 for the relevant Avios and only £35 per person. This is the price for an economy flight - where available, you can also pay £40 for premium economy, £50 for business class and £55 for first class. We also offer many short-haul destinations with our other partner airlines, including Monarch and Flybe, where approximate taxes, fees and carrier charges are £80 - £100*. Approximate taxes, fees and carrier charges for our most popular long-haul destinations are listed below but are subject to change at any time. Guide taxes, fees and carrier charges for long-haul destinations*:U.A.E (including Abu Dhabi and Dubai) - £340Caribbean islands (including Antigua and St Lucia) - £340East Coast USA &amp; Canada (including New York, Boston, Toronto and Washington D.C.) - £365West Coast USA &amp; Canada (including Calgary, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Miami and Vancouver) - £391Far East (including Bangkok, Hong Kong, Singapore and Tokyo) - £397South Africa and Mauritius - £400South America (including Argentina, Brazil &amp; Mexico) - £410Sydney - £558*Prices are intended as a guideline only. Taxes, fees and carrier charges are subject to change at any time. The prices shown above are approximations which are correct as of 03/11/14 "		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	Pricing Information										11/11/2014	Emma Simpson
qed301	How can I arrange accessibility requirements for my trip?	"wheelchair, wheel, disability, disabilities, assistance, special, needs, disabled, assist, assisted, accessible, hearing, blind, sighted, deaf"	We work with you to understand your individual accessibility requirements and ensure your needs are met.Find out more details about accessibility with our travel partners.Contact us to discuss your individual requirements:Chat to us on Live Web Chat to discuss your requirements and request a free call back.Call us on 0344 49 333 73 Email us: specialassistance@avios.com		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	Assistance										26/03/2015	Alicia Price
bg92	Can I use Avios to get days out?	"pay, book, theatre, theme park, wine, beer, experience, spa, photoshoot, merlin, alton towers, london eye, thames, madame tussauds, thorpe park, legoland, chessington, outing, castle, lego, pass, passes, west end, show"	"You can get free days out by using your Avios. And we have a huge choice, including theme park tickets, exciting experiences, wine cases and theatre tickets. You can view all our 'Experiences' under the 'Spend' heading on our website. Please note that when theme parks and attractions are closed due to seasonal opening times, they won't be bookable online."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										24/02/2016	Alicia Price
za67	What is Reward Flight Saver?	rfs premium business first class extra charges taxes	"Reward Flight Saver is available on British Airways domestic and regional flights. It includes taxes, fees and carrier charges - you just pay the Avios plus R350 per person one way. or where available R375 Premium, R400 Business and R450 First Class. It's available to Regular Collectors - that's members who have collected at least 1 Avios in the preceding 12 months.If you have not collected 1 Avios in the preceeding 12 months and for all other destinations you'll pay the Avios and the full cost of airline taxes fees and carrier charges."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	Pricing Information										03/04/2014	Emma Simpson
qed324	What is the offline booking fee?		"A £15 per person booking fee will be applied to any stand alone flight booking, which could've been made online.To assist you with your online booking, we have a Live Chat service available during our opening hours of 8am - 8pm Monday to Friday, 9am - 5pm on Saturdays, and 10am - 4pm on Sundays."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	Payment Query										29/01/2015	Alicia Price
qed399	Can I book a pet friendly hotel?	"pet, dog"	We have a range of pet friendly hotels and also work with holiday companies across the UK and abroad. Call our travel experts on 0844 49 333 99 and we'll be happy to help find a suitable holiday.		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										18/08/2015	Alicia Price
bg85	What is the 'Cancel Fee'?		"If you need to cancel your Avios Reward flight, you'll pay a 'CancelFee' of £35 per person, plus any supplier charges. As long as you cancel aflight within 24 hours of the first departure time on your booking, your Avioswill be re-credited to your account. For car hire and hotels, the Cancel Fee is £35 per product. Unless otherwise specified, you'll get a full refund on your Avios if you cancel at least 15 days before your booking is due to begin. Cancel within 8-14 days for a 75% refund, and within 4-7 days for 50%. No refund will be given if the cancellation is made within 3 days of the start date of your booking. Please note, some of our hotels have different cancellation policies. We'll tell you about these at the time of booking.Eurostar bookings the cancel fee of £35 will be charged in addition to any fees levied by Eurostar for any cancellations."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	Pricing Information										29/01/2015	Alicia Price
bg241	How do I order wine and beer using my Avios?	beers wines gifts presents present gift case wine deliver	"Click here to view all our wine and beer cases. Once you've chosen, just select how many cases you want, click 'Add to basket' and follow the steps.Please note, you must be 18 years of age or over to order wine or beer.Your beer or wine case will be delivered directly from the supplier within 14 days. If this time has passed and you haven't received your order, please click here to contact us."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										04/07/2016	Alicia Price
bg291	Can I book a flight for an under 18 year old travelling alone?	"unaccompanied, minor"	This may be possible on some scheduled airlines subject to availability. We can check for you - just call us on 0844 49 333 99.		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	Flights										21/11/2013	
bg90	What is the Reward Flight Saver?	"tax, airport tax, taxes, rfs, surcharge, surcharges, RFS, £35, savers"	"Reward Flight Saver, or RFS for short, saves you money on European flights by giving you a flat fee on taxes, fees and carrier charges. It's our way of rewarding our regular collectors. With RFS you can fly to Europe for just £17.50, plus from 4,500 Avios on a one-way flight. We pay the rest so that the cost of your flight stays low and you always know how much you'll have to pay before you book.Here's how it works:If you collect 1 Avios (or more) in the 12 months before booking a British Airways flight to a European destination, we'll pay your airline taxes, fees and carrier charges and you just pay the Avios fare and £35pp return in economy (or where available £40 Premium, £50 Business and £55 FirstClass).Click here to find out more about RFSIf you're not collecting Avios, you'll pay the Avios fare and the full cost of airline taxes, fees and surcharges in cash - which vary and are charged by the airlines."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	Pricing Information										15/01/2014	
qed035	How much does a child or infant pay for a Avios flight ticket?	"children, babies, baby, discount"	"Infants (under 2 years) receive a discounted rate and payjust 10% of the Avios price.Children (2-12 years) don't receive a discount on Avios prices.A child is classed between the age of 2 and 12 inclusive. Ifa passenger falls within this range they will pay the standard adult price fora Reward Flight Saver ticket which is the Avios plus £35. If the flight is nota Reward Flight Saver ticket the price would be the Avios plus the appropriatetaxes, fees and charges.An infant is aged between 0 and 1 inclusive. If a passenger falls within thisrange they will pay 10% of the Avios plus £10 for a Reward Flight Saver ticket.If the flight is not a Reward Flight Saver ticket the price would be the 10%Avios plus the appropriate taxes, fees and charges."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	Flights										21/11/2013	
za61	What can I book online with Avios?	spend points use  products	You can use your Avios to book a great selection of worldwide hotels and flights with British Airways. Please visit the 'Spend' section of our website to see where you could be jetting away to! 		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										24/11/2014	Emma Simpson
qed207	What type of insurance policies do you offer?	"cover, protection, protect, protecting, insure, cover"	"We offer single trip and annual policies for individuals, couples and families. You can book on our website or by calling our Sales Team on 0844 482 0670."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										06/08/2014	Alicia Price
qed208	Can I cancel my travel insurance policy?	cooldown cooling grace	"Yes, if you're unhappy for any reason, you can cancel the policy within 14 days of issue and we will refund the premium you have paid, as long as you have not made a claim and you have not travelled during this period. To cancel your policy, please call us on 0844 482 0670."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										09/07/2014	
qed205	Can I use Avios for travel insurance?	pay book cover protection insure protect insured	"Yes, you can use Avios to get free or discounted travel insurance that protects you, your money and your Avios on policies bookable on Avios.com. You can get a quote and book online, or give us a call on 0844 482 0670."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										09/07/2014	
za155	Can I still book with you if I don't have enough Avios?	part-pay part half money top up topup partly partially difference money enough cash	"Of course. If you don't have enough for the full Avios price, you can use one of our Avios and money options. These let you pay some Avios and top the rest up with money. The part Avios and money options will be shown alongside the full Avios price.For most of our products, you also have the option to pay entirely with money. Any time you book something with us for a full money price, you're able to collect Avios instead of spending them."		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	Flights										13/02/2014	
bg295	Can I 'reserve' a booking?	"hold, held"	Sorry but we can not hold bookings for you - payments must be confirmed at the time of booking.		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										03/09/2013	Alicia Price
qed201	Can I book an Annual Insurance for senior citizens?	"oap, cover, protection, yearly, years old, aged, elderly"	"For an additional premium, we can book an Annual multi-trip policy for travellers aged 66 - 75 years by contacting us on 0844 482 0670. Sorry, we do not have an Annual Insurance policy for those aged 76 years and over, but you can purchase a single trip policy instead."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										13/01/2015	Alicia Price
za47	Do I have to show photo ID for domestic (ZA) flights?		"Some airlines do request photo ID, so we advise you carry it with you."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	"Passport, Visa and Health"										16/08/2013	George
za37	Are there any credit card fees or booking fees?	charges	"You won't be charged any credit card fees when you book online or over the phone.Bookings made over the phone, which could be made online, will incur a R170 booking fee per product. For flights, this booking fee applies per person (excluding infants).A R545 per person fee, plus any supplier fees, will be charged if you change or cancel a booking."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	Pricing Information										14/04/2014	Alicia Price
bg209	Is it compulsory for me to show photo ID for a Domestic flight?		"Yes, most airlines do request this, we suggest you check with your airline before your flight."		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	"Passport, Visa and Health"										03/09/2013	Alicia Price
za27	Can I book a flight for an under 18 year old travelling alone?		This may be possible on some scheduled airlines subject to availability. We can check for you - just call us on 0214 277 555.		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	Flights										23/09/2015	Alicia Price
za31	How do I make a booking with Avios?		"The quickest way is on this website - just go to the 'Spend Avios' tab and search for flights. You can check availability and book 24/7. If you can't find what you're looking for, call us on 0214 277 555 and we'll be happy to help."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	Flights										23/09/2015	Alicia Price
za33	Can I use more than one credit card to pay?		"You can use more than one credit card to pay if you are booking through the Customer Contact Centre. Please call us on 0214 277 555 to make your booking, we'll need all the card holders to be present. If you're booking online, you'll only be able to use one card to pay."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	Payment Query										23/09/2015	Alicia Price
za38	I am unable to enter my Immigration information via the link you have sent me?		"If we need any additional information from you, a reminder will be sent to you approximately 3 days prior to departure. If your booking is with British Airways and you're unable to use the link which we sent you originally, you can log in to your booking at BA.com and select 'Manage My Booking' instead. This page will allow you to complete your immigration details online and will guide you through the process. If you're travelling with any other airline and are unable to enter your details, please contact us on 0214 277 555 and we'll be able to help."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	"Passport, Visa and Health"										23/09/2015	Alicia Price
za60	How much notice do I need to give to make a booking online?		"Avios bookings are subject to availability and can be booked up to 24 hours prior to departure. Flight bookings can be made up to 50 weeks prior to departure date, subject to availability."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										16/08/2013	George
bg293	Can I book a flight and a hotel together?	package	"You can, yes. You can book any combination of available flights, hotels or car hire, plus many travel extras such as travel insurance, airport parking and lounge access.If you hold your cursor over the 'Spend' tab on our website, you'll find links to all of the products we offer.  Have a look at our Flights and Hotels search to find a great deal."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	Flights										21/01/2014	
za56	Can I fly in and out of different airports?		"We know many of you like the freedom to fly in and out of different airports, whether you're planning a fly-drive holiday, twin-centre trip or a tour. So we're delighted to say you can book flights in and out of different airports. Please call us on 0214 277 555 for a price."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	Flights										23/09/2015	Alicia Price
za57	Can I book 'complex journeys'?		"We know many of you like the freedom to fly in and out of different airports, whether you're planning a fly-drive holiday, twin-centre trip or a tour. So we're delighted to say you can book flights in and out of different airports. Please call us on 0214 277 555 for a price."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	Flights										23/09/2015	Alicia Price
za58	Can I book multi or twin centre holiday?		"We know many of you like the freedom to fly in and out of different airports, whether you're planning a fly-drive holiday, twin-centre trip or a tour. So we're delighted to say you can book flights in and out of different airports. Please call us on 0214 277 555 for a price."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	Flights										23/09/2015	Alicia Price
za63	Do I need a passport to travel?		"If you want to travel abroad, you're going to need a valid passport. If you don't have one, please apply for one well in advance. If your passport is due to expire within the next six months or has less than two blank pages, check your destination's embassy or consulate in South Africa for its rules and restrictions regarding passport validity and expiry. Find out more information at www.dfa.gov.za/consular/travel_advice.htm"		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	"Passport, Visa and Health"										16/08/2013	George
za34	How do I make a special flight request?	"assistance, assist, wheelchair, disability, accessibility, disabilities, equality, needs, additional, support"	"You can make special flight requests outside 24 hours of travel. This includes dietary requirements, seating requirements, wheelchair assistance and assistance for passengers with disabilities. If you're booking online you'll need to contact us on 0214 277 555 once the booking is confirmed. If you choose to book with one of our agents, please tell them any request you have at the time of booking and they'll make them there and then. N.B. Special requests are not guaranteed and penalties may be incurred if you need to cancel."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	Flights										23/09/2015	Alicia Price
za64	What things can I book or amend online?		"You can book flights online. Click here to go to our Spend section. Amendments can't be done online, as in most cases we've booked with a 3rd party. To find out your amendment options contact us."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										16/08/2013	George
za30	Do I need to log in to book online?	website sign joi	"Yes. To book online, you need to log in to the account you'll be using to pay with, using your username and password. You can't book online using more than one Avios account to pay - if you'd like to do this, just call us on 0214 277 555."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										23/09/2015	Alicia Price
qed319	How far in advance can I book my flights?	"ahead, timescale, timescales, advanced, when, available, availability"	"Most airlines release their seats around 50 weeks before the flight. Avios seats can usually be booked at this time too. On rare occasions it may take a little longer for our allocation of seats to be assigned, so our seats would be put on sale at a later date.Avios seats will be available to book on our website as soon as they become available. You can click here to check live Avios availability on our website or by calling our Sales team on 0214 277 555*.*Bookings over the phone, which could be made online, will incur a R170 booking fee per product. For flights, this booking fee applies per person."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	Flights										23/09/2015	Alicia Price
za28	Can I use more than one Avios account to pay?	merge join mulitple 	"You certainly can use more than Avios account to pay for your booking. You'll just need to call us on 0214 277 555 if you wish to do this.  We're open Monday to Friday: 8am - 6.30pm and Saturday, Sunday and bank holidays: 9am -1pm"		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	Payment Query										23/09/2015	Alicia Price
za55	Can I book with you without using my Avios?	cash money	"Yes, you can use money to book flights, collecting 1 Avios for every mile you fly. To book a flight using money, call us on 0214 277 555. Booking fees apply."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	Flights										23/09/2015	Alicia Price
bg87	Are there any credit card fees or booking fees?		" You won't be charged any credit card fees when you book online or over the phone.Bookings made over the phone, which could be made online, will incur a £15 booking fee per product. For flights, this booking fee applies per person (excluding infants). A £35 per person fee, plus any supplier fees, will be charged if you change or cancel a booking.N.B If you are purchasing with a partner e.g. eStore, they may charge their own fees. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	Pricing Information										04/04/2014	
qed153	Can I book tours?	"safari, tailormade, tailor-made, group, trek"	Yes you can still book touring holidays with leading tour operators such as Kuoni and Travelsphere. See who you can book with here (under 'Rather be abroad?') or call our Sales Team on 0844 49 333 49. 		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										19/11/2013	
qed203	Can I buy an Avios travel insurance policy on its own?	"cover, protectio"	Yes. You can book these on our website without buying any other product.		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										19/11/2013	
bg190	What can I book online with Avios?	web website	"You can book scheduled flights, hotels, car hire and insurance by going to the 'Spend Avios' tab on our website. And you can book days out, theatre tickets, wine cases and experiences by going to the 'Experiences' section under the 'Spend' tab. Other products listed under the 'Spend' tab can be booked via our Customer Contact Centre on 0844 49 333 49. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										20/11/2014	Alicia Price
bg240	How do I book UK days out and experiences online?	wine beer tickets theatre theme park day outing alton towers castle thorpe chessington activities activity rhs trust heritage spa merlin pass annual dungeon dungeons segway gourmet photoshoot afternoon tea  skydive skydiving racing pudding shard simulator pamper paintball cinema disney park balloon champagne diggerland sealife experience makeover gliding rasul stadium london tower wildfowl wetlands zoo whipsnade riverboat lunch massage kensington hampton palace ripley guiness ede	"Click on the Experiences link under the 'Spend' tab on our website. Choose the type of activity you want from the drop down menu and you'll find details of all experiences. Once you've chosen, just select how many tickets you want, click 'Add to basket' and follow the steps to complete your purchase. Please note that when theme parks and attractions are closed due to seasonal opening times, they won't be bookable online and you can only buy tickets using Avios (not cash)."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										20/11/2014	Alicia Price
bg192	Who can use my Avios?	"book ticket somene, someone, gift, another person, friend, family, member, else, daughter, son, relatives, relatives, children, daughters, sons, grandchildren, grandchild, brother, sister, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, wife, husband"	"As long as you (the account holder) make the booking, you can use your Avios to book things for anyone you choose."		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										16/01/2014	
qed300	Can I fly from my local airport?	"Regional, regionals, nearest, birmingham, glasgow, edinburgh, newcastle, leeds, lba, ncl, exeter, southampton, liverpool, bradford, manchester, belfast, jersey, direct, flight, flights, connections, doncaster, cardiff, sheffield, connecting, norwich, airports, bristol, midlands, midland, scotland"	"Yes you can.We offer flights from 36 airports, including Birmingham, Cardiff, Edinburgh, Exeter, Manchester and Southampton..Flybe, Monarch, Air Malta and Aurigny fly direct to many European destinations. Visit our Air Partners page to find out more or call us on 0844 49 333 49.We also offer regional connections on British Airways flights from Belfast, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Jersey, Leeds, Bradford, Manchester and Newcastle.Check availability and book flights with all our airlines and from all UK airports.Plus, you can use your Avios to book brochure holidays with companies such as Cosmos, Kuoni, First Choice, Thomson, and Thomas Cook. This gives you a choice of holidays that include flights from your local airport.If you've seen a holiday in a brochure and would like an Avios quote, give our UK based award winning contact centre a call on 0844 49 333 49.Visit our Holidays page to find out more."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	Flights										08/02/2016	Matthew Brown
qed148	Can I make special requests or request extras for my hotel booking?		"If you have special requests, such as cots, extra beds, or high or low floor preferences, you need to make them directly with us after making your booking. To make a special request, please call us on 0344 49 333 99."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										13/06/2014	Alicia Price
za110	What is the offline service fee?	extra charges	"An offline service fee is a ZA R170 charge applied to offline bookings. For flights, the fee is applied per person (excluding infants). For other products, the charge is per booking. On-request hotels won't be charged an offline service fee. The fee won't be applied to amendments or cancellations, as you'll need to give us a call if anything needs changing on your booking."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	Payment Query										09/04/2014	Emma Simpson
bg313	Can I use more than one credit card to pay?		"You can use more than one credit card to pay if you are booking through the Customer Contact Centre. Please call us on 0844 49 333 99 to make your booking, we'll need all the card holders to be present.If you are booking online you'll only be able to use one card to pay."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	Payment Query										24/03/2015	Alicia Price
bg189	Does Avios offer airport transfers?	"transfer, shuttle, shuttles, transport, transportatio"	"Yes, we offer a range of different transfer options which you can pay for in Avios, money, or a bit of both. To discuss the options we have available for your particular trip, give us a call on 0844 49 333 49. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										20/08/2013	
bg97	Why isn't the Reward Flight Saver available for longhaul flights?	long haul taxes fees charges reward saver rfs zone zones regular collector	"As the vast majority (approximately 87%) of our customers fly shorthaul, we're offering a fixed cost of £17.50* per person, each way, on British Airways flights to Europe for our regular collectors. This is called the 'Reward Flight Saver', or RFS for short. It's our way of rewarding our regular collectors - those who've collected 1 or more Avios in the 12 months prior to booking.The taxes, fees and carrier charges for longhaul flights have risen too much for us to cover them. Air passenger and fuel charges on long haul flights can fluctuate regularly, which means we're unable to offer similar savings to longhaul destinations. You can still use your Avios for longhaul flights, you'll just pay the taxes, fees and carrier charges, which can vary and are charged by the airlines. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	Flights										24/03/2015	Alicia Price
qed154	Can I book ferry tickets through Avios?	"ferries, channel crossing, dover, calais, p&o, cross-channel, brittany, condor, dfds, portsmouth, caen, larne, troon, holyhead, brittany, france, spain, ferry, motorhome, motorbike, motor, caravan, campervan, jersey, guernsey, holyhead, irish"	"You can, yes. We deal with lots of different ferry companies. You can click here to see the ferry operators that we're partnered with. In most cases, you can travel as a foot passenger or take your motorbike, car or motorhome. You can book a single or return trip. Please note, it may be possible to book non-uk orignating ferries depending on the ferry company, please ask our Sales Team when you call.Prices will vary depending on availability, sail time, and dates. Once you know the ferry journey you'd like, you can give our Sales Team a call on 0844 49 333 99 for a quote and to book."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										13/06/2014	Emma Simpson
bg86	What things can I book or amend online?		"You can book many of our products online, from flights and hotels to UK attractions and even cases of wine. Head to our Spend Homepage to find them. Amendments can't be done online as in most cases we've booked with a 3rd party. To find out your amendment options you'll just need to contact us."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										27/11/2013	
za59	How much does a child or infant pay for an Avios flight ticket?	"children, discount, baby, babies"	"Infants (under 2 years) receive a discounted rate and pay just 10% of the Avios price.Children (2-12 years) don't receive a discount on Avios prices.A child is classed between the age of 2 and 12 inclusive. If a passenger falls within this range they will pay the standard adult price for a Reward Flight Saver ticket, which is the Avios plus R700. If the flight is not a Reward Flight Saver ticket, the price would be the Avios plus the appropriate taxes, fees and charges.An infant is aged between 0 and 1 inclusive. If a passenger falls within this range they will pay 10% of the Avios plus R700 for a Reward Flight Saver ticket. If the flight is not a Reward Flight Saver ticket the price would be the 10% Avios plus the appropriate taxes, fees and charges."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	Flights										25/04/2014	Emma Simpson
qed219	Can I use Avios for Avis car hire?	rental book pay	"You can, yes. You can book car hire for a full Avios price or use a mixture of Avios and money. Head over to our Car hire page, where you can enter your dates and destination to see what's available. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										27/11/2013	
bg191	How much notice do I need to give to make a booking online?	time advance prior book release released	"Avios bookings are subject to availability and can be booked up to 24 hours prior to departure. However, some car hire destinations only offer rentals 48 hours outside of your travel date. Flight bookings can be made up to 50 weeks prior to departure date, subject to availability. Holiday bookings with companies such as Thomson and Airtours can be booked up to the day of departure through our Contact Centre on 0844 49 333 99."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										29/01/2014	
bg305	Do I have to show photo ID for domestic (UK) flights?	"passport, identification, british, photographic"	"Some airlines do request this, so we advise you carry this with you."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	"Passport, Visa and Health"										16/08/2013	George
bg198	Can I use more than one Avios account to pay?		"If you book online, you can only use one Avios account. If you want to use multiple accounts to pay, please call us on 0844 49 333 99 to book."		GBWEB;GBMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	Payment Query										16/08/2013	George
bg296	When is my booking confirmed?	"documents, documentation, tickets, ticket, confirmation, confirm, itinerary, docs, document, details"	"Your booking is confirmed once you've clicked on the 'Make Payment' button, at which point your payment is processed and your booking completed. Your booking reference will then show on the following, 'Final Confirmation', screen and your confirmation email will arrive within 24 hours. Full documentation and e-tickets are usually sent within 48 hours. If you haven't received your confirmation or booking documents, or would like another copy, please get in touch with us so we can send it again. We're unable to hold bookings for you and full payment must be taken before a booking is finalised and any products are confirmed."		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg186	How do I make a booking with Avios?		"The quickest way is on this website - just go to our homepage or 'Spend Avios' tab and search for flights. You can check availability and book 24/7. If you can't find what you're looking for, call us on 0844 49 333 99 and we'll be happy to help."		GBWEB;GBMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	Flights										16/08/2013	George
bg307	"What about passport, visa and health formalities?"	"maiden, married, middle, names, passports, visas, injections, innoculations, malaria, esta, vaccination, vaccinations, foreign office, health"	"It is your responsibility to ensure you comply with any required visa, safety, security and health formalities, in force at the time of travel, for your destination. As these may take time to arrange, this should be done well in advance of your travel date. The Foreign &amp; Commonwealth Office (FCO) provides important advice for travellers on their destination www.gov.uk/knowbeforeyougoWhen booking your flights with us, please ensure that all passengers' first and last names match those shown on their passports. If you've recently changed your name and not updated your passport yet, you'll need to book your flight in the name that's on your passport.'"		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	"Passport, Visa and Health"										21/08/2015	Alicia Price
bg292	How do I make a special flight request?	"assistance, assist, wheelchair, disability, accessibility, disabilities, equality, needs, additional, support, seat, prebook, arrange, seats, pre, disabled"	"You can make special flight requests outside 24 hours of travel. This includes dietary and seating requirements. If you're booking online you'll need to contact us on 0844 49 333 49 once the booking is confirmed. If you choose to book with one of our agents, please tell them any request you have at the time of booking and they'll make them there and then. N.B Special requests are not guaranteed and penalties may be incurred if you need to cancel.If you have an accessibility requirement view our accessibility page for more information on making a booking."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	Flights										05/02/2014	
za66	How much do I pay for taxes?	tfcs tfc	"The taxes, fees and carrier charges vary depending on which flight you book. You can find the exact amount for your trip by clicking here and searching for your flight.We've also come up with a way to help our regular collectors save on taxes - it's called Reward Flight Saver. If you've collected Avios in the last 12 months, you can book British Airways flights for the relevant Avios and only R700 per person return. This is the price for an economy flight - where available, you can also pay R750 for premium economy, R800, for business class and R900 for first class. Reward Flight Saver is also available for one-way flights worth up to 10,000 Avios. The price for a one-way destination is half the return cost."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	Pricing Information										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
za65	Can I book one-way flights?	single 	"Yes, you can book one-way flights with all of our airlines, whether you're departing from South Africa or abroad. You can book these using the 'Flights' link, under the 'Spend' tab. If you click here, it'll take you to the page. From here, just enter your flight details and tick the 'One-way' box.To make things nice and simple, you just pay half the price of the standard Avios price plus your airline taxes, fees and carrier charges. To reward our regular collectors we have our Reward Flight Saver. You just pay the Avios fare and R350 pp each way (R375 Premium, R400 Business and R450 First Class)."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	I am thinking of making a booking	Flights										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg104	Can I book fly-drive holidays?	"flydrive, fly drive, self drive, drive"	"Yes, we'd love to help you with a fly-drive holiday. You can book both flights and car hire with us online via our 'Spend' menu. We can also offer fly-drive trips with several of our tour operator partners, such as Kuoni and Travelsphere. If you'd like to discuss all your options with us,  you can get in touch with us on 0844 49 333 49. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	Flights										16/08/2013	George
bg188	Do I need to log in to book online?		"Yes. To book online, you need to log in to the account you'll be using to pay with, using your username and password. Unfortunately, you cannot book online using more than one Avios account to pay - if you'd like to do this, just call us on 0844 49 333 99. If you want to book using two or more accounts on a regular basis, and the accounts are held at the same address, you can go to 'Create household account' on the 'My account' tab when you're logged in - this allows you to pool your Avios into one account and use them to book online in the future."		GBMOB;GBWEB	I am thinking of making a booking	General										28/11/2013	
qed310	Want to work for Avios?	"recruitment, career, careers, job, jobs, vacancy, vacancies, position, positions, recruiting, recruited, recruit, employ, employment"	"If you're interested in a career at Avios, please send your CV and covering letter to the Recruitment Team at recruitment@avios.com and they will get in touch to discuss any opportunities with you. Also, you can connect with us on LinkedIn, where we advertise all of our vacancies."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Company Information	About Us										12/02/2014	
qed054	Is Avios ABTA  protected?		"Avios Group (AGL) Limited is a Member of ABTA membership number C6622. Some of the travel arrangements that we sell are protected in the case of the financial failure of the travel company. Please ask us about the protection that applies to your booking. ABTA and ABTA Members help holidaymakers to get the most from their travel and assist when things don't go according to plan. We are obliged to maintain a high standard of service to you by ABTA's Code of conduct. for more information on ABTA, the Code of conduct and the arbitration scheme available to you if you have a complaint, contact ABTA, 30 Park Street, London SE1 9EQ, tel 020 3117 0500  ww.abta.com"		GBWEB;GBMOB	Company Information	About Us										16/08/2013	George
qed361		changes	We\'re making these changes to give you more opportunities to spend Avios on flights. as well as to make sure that our programme remains competitive.Our changes will:Enable you to get to reward flights faster by introducing off-peak pricing which is lower than current peak economy fares; Offer British Airways seats on all flights in all travel periods.		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Company Information	About Us										26/01/2015	Alicia Price
za72	What is Avios?	Avios? Aviso Aviosa general	"Avios is a global currency, which can be collected through the Avios Travel Rewards Programme, British Airways Executive Club and Iberia Plus. You can collect Avios when buying groceries, refuelling your car using your Avios credit card and booking flights with British Airways and Iberia. Once you've collected enough Avios, you can redeem them for flights all over the world. See where you could go with your Avios. We'll be adding new ways to spend your Avios too, so keep checking this website to see the latest rewards."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Company Information	About Us										30/04/2014	Emma Simpson
qed055	Is Avios ATOL protected?	"protection, cover, "	Avios Group (AGL) Limited are members of the ATOL scheme number 4562. Many of the flights and flight inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme. But ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed on this website. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to www.atol.org.uk/ATOLcertificate.		GBMOB;GBWEB	Company Information	About Us										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
za74	Where can I fly to from South Africa?		"To see a list of all the amazing international destinations we fly to, check out our Where can I fly with Avios page."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Company Information	About Us										19/11/2013	Alicia Price
za77	Where can my Avios take me?	many durban harare livingstone maputo port elizabeth victoria cape windehoek jnb joburg johannesburg mauritius fly destination destinations flights flight international places place tshwane pretoria polokwane ekhuruleni 	"The Avios you collect can take you to many exciting places in South Africa and all over the world. For a full list of destinations and how many Avios are required, take a look at our Where can I fly with Avios page."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Company Information	About Us										13/02/2014	
za71	What is the Avios Travel Rewards Programme?	fees	"We're a travel rewards programme. We reward your everyday shopping with our partners, by giving you Avios in return. Whether shopping for groceries at Pick n Pay, refuelling your car at BP using your Avios credit card or booking flights with British Airways and Iberia, you'll collect Avios. This can then be redeemed against flights. Our parent company is IAG (International Airlines Group). They're one of the world's biggest airline groups (British Airways, Iberia), with over 348 aircrafts flying to over 200 destinations and carrying more than 50 million passengers each year.There are no fees for joining Avios. Find out more about how it works."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Company Information	About Us										03/04/2014	Alicia Price
za76	Which airports in South Africa can I fly from?		"You can fly from airports in Durban, Cape Town and Johannesburg. It depends on your chosen destination.  "		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Company Information	About Us										23/05/2014	Emma Simpson
za1	How do I contact Avios?		"Contact us by phone: to speak to someone, just call us on 0214 277 555. We are open: Monday to Friday: 8am - 6.30pm. Saturday, Sunday and bank holidays: 9am - 1pm.Not in South Africa? Call us on 0027 (0) 10 241 1369.Please note: calls may be recorded for training purposes. The standard Telkom rate for a local call is 42c per minute during Standard Time (Mon-Fri 07.00 - 19.00) and 21c per minute during CallMore Time (Mon-Fri 19.00 - 07.00 and Fri-Mon 19.00 - 07.00), with a minimum charge of 57c per call (excludes calls from cell phones and other licensed operators)."		ZAMOB	Company Information	About Us										23/09/2015	Alicia Price
za73	Why should I collect with Avios?		"Your loyalty deserves to be rewarded, and with Avios we'll do just that. You'll receive Avios when you're buying your groceries at Pick n Pay, filling up your car at BP using your Avios credit card or selling your house with Lew Geffen Sotheby's Realty. And that's just for starters. The Avios you collect can be redeemed against flights.Simply by collecting 1 Avios each year, you're entitled to our Reward Flight Saver too - Reward Flight Saver includes airline taxes fees and carrier charges - all you pay is the Avios fare plus R350 RFS one way per person. RFS is available on domestic and regional destinations that can be bought with up to 10,000 Avios on British Airways one way flights in Traveller (economy) class."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Company Information	About Us										16/08/2013	George
za39	How do I contact Avios?		" By Live Web ChatWe're available online to instantly answer your questions. Chat with us nowWe are online:Mon - Fri: 10am - 10pm Sat: 11am - 7pm and Sun: 12am - 6pm By EmailWe'll answer any questions you have within 72 hours.(To ensure that we keep your personal account information safe, please include your ID or passport number. We'll need this before we can disclose any account information to you.) Send us an email  By PhoneIf you'd rather speak to someone, call us on: 0214 277 555.We are open:Monday to Friday: 8am - 6.30pmSaturday and bank holidays: 9am - 1pm.Not in South Africa? Call us on 0027 (0) 21 427 7555.Please note: calls may be recorded for training purposes.The standard Telkom rate for a local call is 42c per minute during Standard Time (Mon-Fri 07.00 - 19.00) and 21c per minute during CallMore Time (Mon-Fri 19.00 - 07.00 and Fri-Mon 19.00 - 07.00), with a minimum charge of 57c per call (excludes calls from cell phones and other licensed operators)."		ZAWEB	Company Information	About Us										26/10/2015	Alicia Price
qed337	Can I collect Avios if I don't live in the South Africa?		You must live at an address in the Republic of South Africa to collect under the scheme operated by us in South Africa. We also run Avios UK for customers who live in the United Kingdom.		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Company Information	About Us										04/07/2014	Alicia Price
qed338	Can I collect Avios if I don't live in the UK?	"United States, USA, USA, Canada, overseas, south africa, ZA"	"You must live at an address in the UK, Isle of Man or the Channel Islands to collect under the scheme operated by us in the UK.  If you reside in South Africa, you can join the Avios Travel Rewards Programme for South Africa at www.avios.com/southafrica"		GBMOB;GBWEB	Company Information	About Us										04/07/2014	Alicia Price
qed257	How do I contact Avios?	"chat, webchat, livechat, contact, opening, telephone, email, post, address, speak, call, phone, number, address, helpline, staff, marketing, contact, opening, telephone, team, post, address, sales, customer service, help, support, chat, webchat, mail, mailing, communication, marketing, agent, number, advisor, ring, hello, hi, talk"	"Contact Us By Live Web ChatWe're available online to instantly answer your questions. Chat with us nowWe are online:Mon - Fri: 8am - 8pm, Sat 9am - 5pm and Sun 10am - 4pm  By EmailWe'll answer any questions you have within 72 hours. Send us an email  By PhoneIf you'd rather speak to someone, call us on: 0844 49 333 99*.We are open:Monday to Friday: 8am - 8pmSaturday: 9am - 5pmSunday: 10am - 4pm.Not in the UK? Call 00 44 1925 848 693Please note: calls may be recorded for training purposes.Calls cost 7p per minute, plus your phone company's access charge. Mobile and other providers may vary.* If you complete a booking by phone which could have been made online you may incur additional booking fees."		GBWEB	Company Information	About Us										13/11/2015	Alicia Price
bg88	What is IAG?	"IAG, International Airlines Group"	"IAG is International Airlines Group, a company created to manage the merged British Airways and Iberia airlines. It's the owner of Avios Group (AGL) Ltd which runs Avios. And it's an exciting opportunity for Avios members - as it gives us all more options for flight rewards, more global partnerships and more places to go in the future."		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Company Information	About Us										24/03/2015	Alicia Price
qed321	Which Avios programme should I join?		"Avios can be collected through the Avios Travel Rewards Programme (that's us), British Airways Executive Club and Iberia Plus, and you can combine your Avios to any individual account.If you'd like help deciding which Avios programme is right for you, try our Avios Calculator by clicking here."		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Company Information	About Us										06/03/2014	Alicia Price
za75	Where can I fly to in South Africa?	travel 	We fly to a great selection destinations in South Africa.See where you can fly from and to.		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Company Information	About Us										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed376	What happens if I want to change or amend a booking where my original fare was off-peak but the new fare is in a peak period?	"peak, off-peak, flights"	"If you change your booking you'll need to pay the Avios price difference between the two fares if the date changes from off-peak to peak, plus the administration fee."		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Spending and Using your Avios	Where to go										27/04/2015	Alicia Price
qed375	Do peak and off-peak fares apply to any airline that you can use Avios on?	"peak, off-peak, flights"	"No. The peak and off-peak fares apply only to British Airways and Iberia operated flights, as well as British Airways franchises and subsidiaries."		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Spending and Using your Avios	Where to go										27/04/2015	Alicia Price
qed342	What are Preferred hotels?		These hotels are personally recommended by the Avios team. We regularly assess them to make sure they offer excellent quality and great value for your Avios.Look out for the thumbs up symbol next to all our Preferred hotels.		GBMOB;GBWEB	Spending and Using your Avios	Where to go										18/07/2014	Alicia Price
qed381	How many seats will be available on each flight?	"availability, flights"	"There are a minimum number of seats guaranteed on every British Airways operated flight: four World Traveller / Euro Traveller seats and two Club World / Club Europe seats. Reward seat availability is shared between all programmes using the Avios currency and does not include Comair, Sunair or any other airline."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Spending and Using your Avios	Where to go										27/04/2015	Alicia Price
qed339	Can I use Avios to book hotels?	accomodatio	"Yes, it is possible to use your Avios on a wide range of hotels worldwide. Please click here to search for availability and find out how many Avios you'll need for your trip."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Spending and Using your Avios	Where to go										11/07/2014	Emma Simpson
bg205	Where can my Avios take me?	"use, points, MANY, country, countries, PARIS, ROME, hawaii, ireland, FLORENCE, ITALY, italian, lakes, mexico, kirkwall, las, monaco, pisa, AMERICA , africa, dublin, belgium, USA, YORK, NY, TOKYO, BARCELONA, SPAIN, FRANCE, cuba, havana, havanna, santorini, greece, MADRID, SHANGHAI, AMSTERDAM, FAR, available, zones, distance, destinations, destination, map, travel, far, fly to, go, far, destination, caribbean, cyprus, turkey, hong kong, funchal, fly, flight, flights, moscow, egypt, bucharest, budapest, prague, berlin, alicante, faro, greece, spain, america, australia, lanzarote, tenerife, canaries, majorca, menorca, ibiza, city, cities, place, places, sharm, dubai, florida, barbados, bermuda, billund, kefalonia, greece, greek isles, cape, st lucia, denmark, german, mauritius, reyjavik, Boston,  vancouver, bangkok, grand prix"	"To find out where you can fly with Avios, please view our Explorer Map by clicking here. Our Explorer Map shows you all of our British Airways destinations and how many Avios you'll need for a return flight, travelling in economy. You can view all the destinations quickly and easily by clicking on the List button.To see which other airlines you can fly with, please click here.    We also offer Avios &amp; Money fares, where you can pay for your fare using a mixture of Avios and money, so you can still use your Avios even if you don't have enough to cover the full Avios amount. To search for your flights and view all the available pricing options, please click here. If you'd like to travel in style, you can use your Avios to get flights in all British Airways cabins - not just economy. Click here for more information on British Airways travel classes and the Avios prices. Don't forget; you can also use your Avios for all sorts of other travel products, including hotels, car hire, package holidays, cruises, Eurostar and much, much more. Click here to see all of the ways that you can spend your Avios.  If you need any help using your Avios for flights or any other travel and leisure products that we offer, please get in touch with us and we'll be happy to help. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Spending and Using your Avios	Where to go										26/09/2014	Emma Simpson
qed092	What can I spend my Avios on?	"airport parking, lounge, lounges, wine, days out, attraction tickets, hotels, car hire, car rental, ferries, ferry, holidays, cruise, cruises, holiday, use, buy, thomson, thomas cook, hoseasons, butlins, superbreak, first choice, monarch, flybe, package, tour, tours, packages, parking, disneyland, beer, disney land, disney, disneyworld, tickets, keycamp, upgrades, upgrade, self-catering, uk holidays, haven, cottages, apartments, warner, keycamp, first choice, tour operator, tour operators, dog, dogs, dog friendly, australia, america, book, "	"You can spend Avios on all sorts of exciting travel and leisure rewards. These include flights, hotels, package holidays, cruises, car hire - as well as lots of little extras, such as cases of wine, days out, theatre tickets, airport lounges and airport parking. Some of our products can be booked on our mobile site. You can click on the links below to check availability or to book: Flights Hotels  Other products like car hire and insurance are not currently available to use on your mobile but you can still book them online via your laptop or PC.  Or alternatively give us a call on 0844 49 333 49. Avios can also be used to upgrade British Airways flights that you've already booked with us. If you've booked a flight directly with ourselves and would like to enquire about upgrading your seats, please give us a call on the number above. "		GBMOB	Spending and Using your Avios	Where to go										09/06/2014	Emma Simpson
qed398	What is Car Hire Excess Insurance?		"When hiring a car, your rate will typically include insurance (often known as Collision Damage Waiver and Theft Protection).This insurance will usually have an excess - a fixed amount you have to pay if you damage the car or it is stolen, whether or not it?s your fault.The excess is typically £750 but can be as high as £2,000.When you pick up your car, you\'ll be offered enhanced insurance (often known as Super Collision Damage Waiver and Super Theft Protection) which will reduce, and sometimes cancel, the excess you are liable for.The cost of their enhanced insurance can be £20 or more per day. As a much cheaper alternative, our Car Hire Excess Insurance lets you claim back any excess charged - from just £3.90 or 650 Avios per day.You will need to be able to pay the excess while you are away before claiming it back."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Spending and Using your Avios	Where to go										18/08/2015	Alicia Price
qed371	Can I travel out during the peak period and return in off-peak?	"peak, off-peak, flights"	"Yes, you\'ll pay for each flight based on your date of departure and date of return. So if you depart on a peak date and return on an off-peak date, then you\'ll pay the peak Avios fare for your outbound flight and the lower off-peak Avios fare for the return leg."		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Spending and Using your Avios	Where to go										26/01/2015	Alicia Price
qed380	How many seats are available in total each year?	"availability, flights"	There are over 9 million Avios reward seats available on British Airways operated flights every year. Reward seat availability is shared between all programmes using the Avios currency and does not include Comair and Sunair.		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Spending and Using your Avios	Where to go										27/01/2015	Alicia Price
qed388	Do I need to fly via London when spending my Avios?	"airlines, connections, regional"	"We want to give you options on how to spend Avios that best suit your needs. As well as British Airways, there are a number of regional airlines we work with who you can fly direct with. Find out details about our airline partners"		GBMOB;GBWEB	Spending and Using your Avios	Where to go										26/01/2015	Alicia Price
qed393	How many seats are available in total each year?	"flights, availability"	There are over 9 million Avios reward seats available on British Airways operated flights every year. Reward seat availability is shared between all programmes using the Avios currency.		GBMOB;GBWEB	Spending and Using your Avios	Where to go										26/01/2015	Alicia Price
qed354	Can I redeem Avios on Flybe flights?		"Yes, it's possible to use your Avios towards a great selection of flights across Europe with Flybe. You'll just pay for the taxes, fees and carrier charges. Please click here to check availability."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Spending and Using your Avios	Where to go										24/11/2014	Emma Simpson
qed372	When are the new peak and off-peak travel periods?		The new peak and off-peak Avios pricing model is broadly based on the typically busy and quieter travel periods across the British Airways network. Find out more about peak and off-peak dates		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Spending and Using your Avios	Where to go										16/04/2015	Alicia Price
qed374	How do peak and off-peak fares compare to current fares across all cabin classes?		Peak and off-peak fares will vary across cabin classes. See our peak and off-peak fares		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Spending and Using your Avios	Where to go										16/04/2015	Alicia Price
za40	What can I spend my Avios on?	Johannesburg cape town durban port elizabeth Harare Victoria Falls Maputo Livingstone Windhoek Mauritius London Flights Paris Amsterdam Venice Hong Kong Singapore New York Rome Geneva hotels hotel accomodation stay	"You can spend Avios on worldwide flights and a great selection of hotels. You can click on the 'Spend' Avios link to check availability or to book. Alternatively give us a call on 0214 277 555.Avios can also be used to upgrade British Airways flights that you've already booked with us, subject to availability. If you've booked a flight directly with us and would like to enquire about upgrading your seats, please give us a call on the number above."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Spending and Using your Avios	Where to go										23/09/2015	Alicia Price
qed345	Which airlines can I fly with using my Avios?	"airlines, spend, fly "	"You can use your Avios on the following airlines: British Airways, Iberia and selected Comair routes. To see where you can fly from and to, please click here or call us on 0214 277 555."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Spending and Using your Avios	Where to go										23/09/2015	Alicia Price
qed397	What is DoMore with Avios?		"It is an initiative that invites Avios collectors friends and family to take over ouradvertising space. By creating a personalised ad, they can give their collectora nudge to spend their Avios with them. We want our members to see all thedifferent ways they can spend Avios and make the most of their time withfriends and family by doing more with Avios.Go to domorewithavios.com to create an advert for your friend."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Spending and Using your Avios	Where to go										27/07/2015	Alicia Price
bg105	What can I spend my Avios on?	"redeem, airport parking, valet, meet and greet, lounge, lounges, attraction tickets, hotels, car hire, car rental, ferries, ferry, holidays, cruise, cruises, holiday, use, buy, superbreak, monarch, flybe, parking, disneyland, disney land, disney, disneyworld, tickets, self-catering, uk holidays, haven, cottages, apartments, australia, america, book, break, breaks, bruges, moscow, russia, northern lights, lapland, lodges, maldives, St Lucia, denmark, boston, vancouver, german markets, switzerland, Dubrovnik, san francisco, denver. nectar"	"You can spend Avios on all sorts of exciting travel and leisure rewards. These include flights, hotels, package holidays, cruises, car hire - as well as lots of little extras, such as cases of wine, days out, theatre tickets, airport lounges and airport parking.*The below products can be booked online using your Avios. Please click on each product for more informationFlights - please click here to see the destinations we fly to. HotelsCar hireTravel insuranceDays out and experiencesTheatre ticketsWine and beerPlease click here to see which airlines we work with.We can also book the below products using your Avios through our Customer Contact Centre. Please call us on 0844 49 333 99 and we'll be happy to help. Please click on each product for more information.Airport parking, Airport lounges, Airport hotels and Holiday transfersPackage holidays with leading tour operatorsTours and SafarisUK holidays, inc. cottages, lodges, boating, hotels and parksDisneyland ParisFlight upgrades - please contact us if you're interested in upgrading your flight.EurostarFerriesCruisesSki holidays*Subject to availability and terms and conditionsIf you complete a booking by phone which could have been made online you may incur additional booking fees."		GBWEB	Spending and Using your Avios	Where to go										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed343	Can I use Avios to save money on flights booked directly with British Airways?		"You can use Avios to save money on all European flights when you book directly with British Airways or BA CityFlyer.Depending on the destination, you could save up to £50 per person on seats in all cabins. Up to eight friends and family members can use Avios to save money on the same booking.Click here for more information."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Spending and Using your Avios	Where to go										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed302	Which airlines can I fly with using my Avios?	"airline, air partners, flybe, american airlines,   monarch, oneworld, one world, malta, monarch, lingus qantas emirates virgin jet2 easyjet ryanair aurigny"	You can use your Avios to fly with 6 different airlines. We've partnered with these airlines to give you a great choice of airports to fly from and destinations to fly to:Air MaltaAurignyBritish AirwaysFlybeIberiaMonarchFind out more about our airline partners and the routes they offer.Our team can help you find the fastest and easiest route - call us on 0844 49 333 99 or book online.		GBMOB;GBWEB	Spending and Using your Avios	Where to go										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed394	How many seats will be available on each flight?	"flights, availability"	There are a minimum number of seats guaranteed on every British Airways operated flight: four World Traveller / Euro Traveller seats and two Club World / Club Europe seats. Reward seat availability is shared between all programmes using the Avios currency.		GBMOB;GBWEB	Spending and Using your Avios	Where to go										27/04/2015	Alicia Price
qed389	Do I need to pay Reward Flight Saver from my local regional airport to London and again from London to European destination?	"connections, uk, regional"	"Yes, you'll need to pay for any UK connecting flight to and from your final European destination with Avios or cash, along with Reward Flight Saver. Long haul flights with British Airways will still include a free connecting flight in the UK."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Spending and Using your Avios	Where to go										27/04/2015	Alicia Price
qed385	When are the new British Airways peak and off-peak travel periods?	"peak, off-peak, prices, flights"	"The new peak and off-peak Avios pricing model is broadly based on the typically busy and quieter travel periods across the British Airways network. Broadly speaking, busy travel periods are the UK Easter, summer and Christmas holiday periods, however there are also peak travel periods in-between these key holidays which reflect other busy travel periods on our network. Reward flight bookings for travel on Tuesdays and Wednesdays will be at off-peak Avios prices throughout the year - even during a busy travel period."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Spending and Using your Avios	Where to go										27/04/2015	Alicia Price
qed224	How many Gift Avios can I order?		"You can order up to 35,000 Gift Avios for each of your friends and relatives every calendar year. However, they can only receive up to 35,000 Gift Avios a year each (i.e. they cannot receive 35,000 Avios from you and 35,000 Avios from someone else). You can purchase Gift Avios on our website here. Please note that it's not possible to transfer your own Avios balance over to another friend/relative's account. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Purchase Avios	Purchase or Gift Avios										26/09/2014	Alicia Price
bg115	Do I need to purchase my Avios before I book?		"Yes, if you want to use the Avios to pay. But, if you're booking online, you can purchase Avios during the booking process. Avios are normally added instantly, however it can take up to three working days."		GBWEB;GBMOB	Purchase Avios	Purchase or Gift Avios										16/08/2013	George
bg112	Can I get a refund if I've purchased Avios?	purchase bought	"You may cancel a purchase of Avios within seven days of the transaction taking place, unless you've used them. We'll refund you within 30 days. To do this, email us at help@avios.com."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Purchase Avios	Purchase or Gift Avios										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed229	Can I cancel Gift Avios?		"You may cancel Gift Avios within seven days of the transaction taking place, unless they've been used by the recipient. To do this, email us at help@avios.com."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Purchase Avios	Purchase or Gift Avios										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed227	Can I order Gift Avios if I don't know the recipient's membership number?		"You'll need to ask them for their membership number. If they don't know it, they can contact us on 0344 49 33 49. Please note, we can only give out membership numbers to the account holder and it's not possible to transfer your own Avios balance over to another friend/relative's account."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Purchase Avios	Purchase or Gift Avios										29/01/2015	Alicia Price
bg117	Can I Purchase Avios?	buy	"Yes, you can purchase up to 100,000 Avios for yourself each calendar year. This can be in multiples of 1,000 up to 35,000 Avios and thereafter in multiples of 5,000 Avios, starting at 1,000 Avios costing £31. Purchase Avios and find out prices here."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Purchase Avios	Purchase or Gift Avios										29/10/2015	Alicia Price
bg114	"I've already bought 100,000 Avios this year, but am adding someone to my Avios Household Account - can they purchase this year too?"	buy gift	"Yes. Each member of your Household Account can purchase up to 100,000 Avios a year. You can purchase Avios for yourself or as a gift for another member on our website."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Purchase Avios	Purchase or Gift Avios										29/10/2015	Alicia Price
bg111	How many Avios can I purchase?	buy give gift	"You can purchase up to 100,000 Avios for yourself each calendar year. They come in multiples of 1,000 up to 35,000 Avios and thereafter in multiples of 5,000 Avios, starting at 1,000 Avios costing £31. Purchase Avios and find out prices here."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Purchase Avios	Purchase or Gift Avios										29/10/2015	Alicia Price
qed230	Can I order Gift Avios for someone who doesn't have an Avios account?		"No, but if they don't have an account yet, they can set one up online at www.avios.com/my-account. Log into your account and you can then gift Avios here. The Avios will be awarded within 3 working days.Please note, we can only give out membership numbers to the account holder and it's not possible to transfer your own Avios balance over to another friend/relative's account.   "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Purchase Avios	Purchase or Gift Avios										13/06/2014	Emma Simpson
qed225	Why do I keep getting an error message when I try to order Gift Avios?		"Please check you've used your friend/relative's correct name and Avios membership number. If you still get an error message, please ask them to contact us on 0844 49 333 99 so we can check their account. Please note that it's not possible to transfer your own Avios balance over to another friend/relative's account. "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Purchase Avios	Purchase or Gift Avios										13/06/2014	Emma Simpson
bg110	How long will it take for my Purchase or Gift Avios to be added to my/the recipient's account?	buy give	"Avios are normally added instantly, however it can take up to three working days."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Purchase Avios	Purchase or Gift Avios										27/11/2013	
bg113	Can I purchase Avios over the phone?	"buy, gift"	"No, this is an exclusive online service. You can purchase Avios for yourself or another member on our website."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Purchase Avios	Purchase or Gift Avios										27/11/2013	
bg279	Do I need to include any supporting documents with my written complaint?		"To speed up the process and resolve matters for you, it's always best to supply any evidence as soon as possible (such as receipts for out of pocket expenses, contact names of people involved and photos if applicable). If you booked with a package holiday company, we'll forward them on your behalf and monitor the response.  "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Complaints	General										18/07/2014	Emma Simpson
bg283	How soon will I hear from you if I send a written complaint?		We'll be in touch within 72 hours of receiving your complaint. 		GBMOB;GBWEB;ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Complaints	Website										18/07/2014	Emma Simpson
za42	How do I make a complaint?	feedback	"You can complete our online form by clicking here, or email us at help@avios.com and we'll be in touch within 72 hours."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Complaints	General										24/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg238	How do I make a complaint?	feedback	"You can complete our online form by clicking here, or email us directly at help@avios.com with details of your complaint and we'll be in touch within 72 hours. You can now also tweet us @AviosUK    "		GBMOB;GBWEB	Complaints	General										24/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed222	"If I have booked a package holiday through Avios, do I have any protection against things going wrong?"		"In the unlikely event we're unable to resolve any issues for you, as a reputable travel agent we are ABTA (Association of British Travel Agents) bonded. This means you have peace of mind when you travel and you have an independent body to which you can address any unresolved concerns.  For further information you can visit the ABTA website."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Complaints	General										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg276	"What should I do if I've booked a scheduled flight with an airline, the flight is delayed or cancelled, and I have a claim for compensation under European Union Regulations?"		"Under these rulings, any claim for compensation must be directed to the airline themselves. Please visit your relevant airline's website for their contact details."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Complaints	Airline Complaint										14/07/2014	Emma Simpson
qed217	How soon will you reply to my complaint?		"This differs depending on the nature of your complaint and who your travel arrangements are made with. We will send you an acknowledgement of your complaint within 72 hours of us receiving it. If necessary we may need to contact the supplier for a full detailed response to any issues raised and will try to respond within 28 days. Depending on the nature of the complaint this may take longer, but we will keep you informed along the way."		GBMOB;GBWEB	Complaints	General										24/03/2015	Alicia Price
za69	Do I need to include any supporting documents with my written complaint?		"To speed up the process and resolve matters for you, it's always best to supply any evidence as soon as possible (such as receipts for out of pocket expenses, contact names of people involved and photos if applicable). If you booked with a package holiday company, we'll forward them on your behalf and monitor the response. Please scan any evidence and send this to help@avios.com."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Complaints	General										10/03/2015	Alicia Price
bg202	What happens if I have a problem in resort?	emergency	"We're sorry to hear that you have not enjoyed every aspect of your holiday. We hope that we are able to resolve this.If you have a complaint whilst on holiday with us, please ensure you inform the Avios In-Resort Team, the supplier,tour operator representative (if travelling with Thomson, Thomas Cook etc) or airline staff immediately. You can contact Avios 24 hours a day, 7 days a week on 00 44 (0)1925 848 884.If we cannot resolve the problem whilst you're in resort or during your flight, you must notify us of your complaint within 28 days of your return from holiday.To make a complaint, you can contact us by email - help@avios.com . Please provide as much information as possible, including your booking reference and holiday dates where applicable."		GBMOB;GBWEB	In Resort	Assistance										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
qed322	What happens in the event of a problem or emergency?		"We strongly recommend you take out an insurance policy. All insurance policies are different so, whichever insurance you choose, please ensure you take the policy documents with you when you travel and, if you have a medical emergency or other mishap likely to result in an insurance claim, they will explain the steps to follow. If you need to contact us while in resort, please call the Avios In-Resort Team on 00 44 (0)1925 848 884, they're available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week."		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	In Resort	Assistance										22/08/2014	Emma Simpson
bg201	Can you contact someone staying in an Avios hotel for me in an emergency?		"If you need to get in touch with your friends or family while they are on holiday, you can call the Avios In-Resort Team on 01925 848 884. The team are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week."		GBMOB;GBWEB	In Resort	Assistance										22/08/2014	Emma Simpson
bg203	Does Avios have Resort Representatives?		"Although we have no representatives in resort, we offer a dedicated in-resort line which is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. You can contact the team on 00 44 (0)1925 848 884. If your holiday isn't going to plan, please notify us immediately so we can help you resolve the situation. If we cannot resolve the issue whilst you're in resort, you must notify us of your complaint within 28 days of your return from holiday. If you've booked a holiday with a tour operator such as Thomson Holidays, Thomas Cook or Kuoni, you can use their resort representatives to help you."		GBMOB;GBWEB	In Resort	Assistance										22/08/2014	Emma Simpson
qed323	What happens in the event of a problem or emergency?		"We strongly recommend you take out one of our Avios Travel Insurance policies. All insurance policies are different so, whichever insurance you choose, please ensure you take the policy documents with you when you travel and, if you have a medical emergency or other mishap likely to result in an insurance claim, they will explain the steps to follow. Avios Travel Insurance offers a full 24 hour multi-lingual emergency service. Avios Travel Insurance will cover Avios used for your booking as well as you and your belongings. If you need to contact us while in resort, please call the Avios In-Resort Team on 00 44 (0)1925 848 884, they're available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week."		GBMOB;GBWEB	In Resort	Assistance										16/02/2016	Alicia Price
bg204	"I'm very happy with my Avios experience, who can I tell?"	"praise, feedback"	"We'd love to know if you have enjoyed your experience with us, please email us at help@avios.com and we will ensure your comments are fed back. You can also now tweet us @AviosUK"		GBMOB;GBWEB	Praise	Praise Avios										24/02/2016	Alicia Price
za44	"I'm very happy with my Avios experience, who can I tell?"	"praise, feedback"	Please let us know by emailing us at help@avios.com and we'll share your praise with everyone here.		ZAWEB;ZAMOB	Praise	Praise Avios										24/02/2016	Alicia Price
